what type of life is more metabolically diverse than multicellular life?
what rate supports the holocene extinction hypothesis?
what is the religion of the greek majority ?
what other varieties of christianity can be found among the grecian people ?
who made up the majority of charles town population in 1708?
when did charles town become the fourth largest colonial port?
what are some of the sets or ideals most school systems follow?
where does formal education take place?
how many oklahoma cities have over 100,000 people?
what is the largest metro area in oklahoma as of 2010?
what percentage of hyderabad's employed are employed informally?
in 2007 what percentage of street vendors in hyderabad borrowed money to finance their operations?
what does masīḥī mean?
what happened in july 2014?
which body of water is to the east of zhejiang?
which province is zhejiang bordered by to the south?
in what year did blackpool and blackburn become independent unitary authorities?
which parish was transferred from knowsley to the district of west lancashire?
 what author had a great impact in rome?
who again issued the same type of challenge centuries later
what work is muḥammad ibn jābir al-ḥarrānī al-battānī known for as it regards to earth?
what model did the work of muslim world astronomers contribute to?
what are kangra and dharamshala famous for?
the majority of all households in himachal own a what?
how do plants contribute to terrestrial ecosystems?
what type of fungus draws liquid and minerals out of the earth?
how many pillar industries were there from the 1960s to the 1980s?
the government wanted nanjing to be what kind of industrial city?
how many people lived in easy prussia in 1939?
of the population in east prussia, what percentage of those were german?
when is the warm season in detroit?
what body of water affects detroit's climate?
what calls were made for the polish recruits?
in which prussian province did a large polish population reside?
what culture in the us benefits from this act?
what did the united states pass in 2004?
when was bcci shut down?
who collaborated in the report about bcci?
prose in the ottoman empire did not develop to a higher level until which century?
when was muhayyelât written?
which act got rid of the nia and the cig?
what program handled "essential aliens" that did not fall under normal immigration policies?
where is magasin's "flagship" store located? 
what are the 3 main department store companies in denmark? 
if long-term pain can be relieved by therapy, what does a person's neurotic triad score do?
what shows improvement in many patients once their pain has been resolved?
what estonia view itself as after winning independence?
what was tax rate imposed on the personal income?
what name did the student body unsuccessfully try to rename the wildcats in 1972?
what is the nickname given to northwestern's athletic teams?