Why was the broadcast the most-watched in history?
Why is Beyoncé known as the centerpiece of Destiny's Child?
Why did some critics say that Chopin was too delicate?
Why did Chopin request being cut open after his death?
Why did Chopin want his body opened when he died?
Why did Schumann say the Poles were in mourning?
Why did Yongle Emperor send Yang Sanbao into Tibet?
Why did the emperor pay a small fortune in gifts?
Why did the Yongle Emperor send Hou Xian and Zhi Guang to Tibet?
Why was the Yongle Emperor said to have been planning to send military forces into Tibet?
Why did Yongle order the construction?
Why does Van Praag believe the Ming court set up a diplomatic delegation with Tibet?
Why did P. Christiaan Klieger believe that the Ming court supported high Tibetan lamas?
Why did the Mongol princes ask for titles?
Why did the seismic waves travel so far?
Why was it not included in the series?
What happened to office buildings in Shanghai?
Why were flights delayed and diverted?
What happened to the cargo train?
Why did the train catch fire?
What caused the deaths of many school children?
What happened days following the disaster?
What caused long lines in most major cities?
Why did so many schools collapse during the earthquake?
Why were the schools inspected?
Why was he investigated?
Why did the world community notice the need for help?
Why are the buildings so shoddily built?
What happens to Tom when he attempts to escape prison?
Why do agriculture and horticulture seek to make the most use of the solar energy captured?
Why are salts good  for thermal storage?
Why is a second meter usually unnecessary to monitor electricity use?
Why did interest in solar water heating decrease in the 1980s?
Why does the amount of usable solar energy differ from the amount near the planets surface?
Why does geography have an effect of the amount of solar energy available?
Why does time have an effect of the amount of available solar energy?
Why does land availability have an effect on solar energy?
Why are roofs a good place for solar panels?
What happens when sunlight shines on a solar balloon?
Why is the use of solar balloons typically limited to the toy market?
Why was solar technology developed in the 1860s?
What happened to Kanye's debut album that caused him to remaster most of it?
What happened to the Fatburger chains that Kanye established?
What happened after Kanye made his controversial statement?
What happened when Gautama left the palace grounds?
Why is attachment to things futile?
Why did he receive criticism for I Walk the Line
Why did many of the contestants draw the attention of the media?
Why did American Idol choose not to have its Idol Gives Back special in 2009?
Why was Crystal Bowersox in the hospital during the week of the top 20 on American Idol?
Why did Paula Abdul appear on the season nine finale of American Idol?
Why was Jones disqualified?
Why was Phillip Phillips hospitalized during his time on American Idol?
Why were television ratings down across the board during American Idols seventh season? 
What happened in 2007-2008 that had a drop in viewers for all networks?
Why were dogs initially selected?
Why do people eat Gaejang-guk in the summer months?
Why are dogs viewed as unclean in Islam?
Why are dogs seen as unclean in Islam?
What happened to protesters who tried to interrupt the carrying of the torch?
Why did the banner say that was unveiled during the temporary halt?
Why was the first route not taken?
Why is Chan suing the Hong Kong government?
Why was Jens Galschiøt made to leave Hong Kong?
What caused reform efforts to cease in 1997?
Why did the people of the Netherlands rise up against Philip II?
Why was the County of Drenthe denied representation by the States General?
Why do bees sting even though it will kill them?
Why were women eventually allowed to serve at sea in the CAF?
Why do Oriental Patriarchs sign this way?
Why did the ceromony of consecrating a bishop have to be preformed by someone who was already a bishop?
What happens if a Pope is elected who is not a bishop?
What happens if a Cardinal is named in pectore, and the pope dies?
What can cause health effects such headache frequency?
What happens to the natural carcidan cycle when light-dark patterns are disrupted?
What causes sharp shadows around buildings? 
Why did the economy begin to expand?
What caused the move of BBC Television into the BBC VIsion unit?
What caused Schwarzenegger's father Gustav's death?
What happened to the people that sentenced Priscillian to death?
What happened in July 2014?
Why did agricultural societies push into hunter-gatherer areas?
Why is there a lessening of material possessions in hunting and gathering groups?
What caused these one-time agriculturalists to become foragers??
Why would they leave agricultural lifestyle?
Why were the Karachays exiled?
Why were the residents of the Chechen-Ingush ASSR deported?
What would happen so some children's hands in schools?
Why was the internet developed?
what happened to the internet in the late 1980s?
Why does an ISP need to pay an upstream ISP?
Why is peering used? 
Why was Dinuzulu kaCetshwayo imprisoned on the island?
What caused high unemployment on the island?
What happens when an aspirated consonant is doubled or geminated?
What caused  the Hindenburg to explode?
Why is it used as the rotor coolant?
Why would one use hydrogen mixed with nitrogen?
Why is it used as a coolant?
Why is hydrogen employed?
Why did The Durable Orbital Station-2 not reach orbit?
What happened to the BeiDou-1D satellite that needed to be repaired?
Why is a BeiDou-1 ground terminal so expensive?
What happened in 1975-1982?
Why did Spain give part of Catalonia to France?
Why does Catalan share many traits with other Romance languages?
Why did the city turn down the chance to host the 2024 Olympic games?
Why did Laemmle change his position on "unclean pictures"?
What happened to Estonia during WWII?
What happens in many cases when a word starts with an 's'?
Why did the crossover between Hot 100 and Easy Listening decrease?
What happened to urban R&B in the early 1990s?
Why is new rock not suitable for mainstream radio?
Why are adult standards format radio stations declining?
What happened regarding DST in 2007 in the United States that probably led to the DOE investigation?
What can cause issues with installed computer systems?
What caused the change of the Institute's name?
What happens to temporary records at the WNRC if they are not retrieved by the end of the retention times?
What happens after the 5 year embargo that allows Ancestry.com exclusive use of digitized records?
What happened prior to the collapse of the Western Jin dynasty?
Why was the stele abandoned?
Why is Nanjing so strong in textiles and minting?
Why was the Nanjing Olympic Sports Center built?
What happened around the time that Nanjing was designated as the capital?
Why did the temporary cessation of game broadcasts occur?
Why did the NFL Network begin to broadcast games again?
Why is Yiddish not a dialect of German?
Why are Low German varieties regarded as dialects of standard German?
Why are Serbian and Croatian often treated like distinct languages?
Why did Moscow begin to repress the Ukrainian language?
Why did Ukrainians collaborate with the Axis?
Why were French troops in Bern?
What happens with contracts to aid corruption?
Why is it difficult to measure corruption?
What happened to the shawn and the wooden cornet during the Baroque period?
Why were women composers deemed not notable?
Why is written musical notation effective? 
What happened to the scores of students who listened to rock and roll or country?
Why was the commercialization of classical music harmful to the music industry according the Shawn Vancour? 
Why are long sentences in a modern preamble formatted into multiple paragraphs?
What happens to the parts of the treaty affected by a rejected reservation as they concern the reserving and rejecting parties?
What happens to a state's obligations under a treaty upon its withdrawal from the treaty?
What happens to a multilateral treaty's rights and obligations among the other parties when just one party withdraws?
What happens to a treaty that was designed to terminate under certain conditions when those conditions are actually met?
Why does the United Nations Charter state that treaties must be registered with the United Nations?
What caused the 2008 floods?
Why are the Marshall Islands the most endangered nation on Earth?
Why were the non nobles and nobles referred as the same term?
Why did the mistranslation of szlachta come about?
WHy did the state affairs partly grow up on?
WHy did King louis approve the privilege?
WHat happened to the kings right to raise taxes?
What happened to the right to mint coinage?
Why did the szlachta demand privileges?
WHat happened to the nobilities feudal power?
What happened to the notabilities political position?
What happened when Jan Zamoyski died?
What happened to nobility at expense of the king?
What happened after the roman catholic church regained power in Poland?
What caused the development of the Jura Mountains? 
What happened to the Western Alps during the Cenozoic Era
What happened to the Alpine orogenic belt that gave it the steep vertical peak?
What causes the ice to break and crack loudly?
What causes flooding, property damage, and loss of life?
What causes the temperature to decrease?
Why does the alpine area fluctuate greatly?
Why do reptiles only live up to the snow line?
Why were houses built on piles?
Why were a series of fortifications in the Maurienne valley built?
Why is pasture land limited? 
Why are villages considering becoming car free zones?
What causes genes to evolve?
What causes the specificity of base pairing?
What causes the directionality of DNA strands?
Why does DNA replication and transcription occur in the 5'→3' direction?
What happens when a regulatory region binds to transcription factors?
What happens after an enhancer binds an activator protein?
What causes DNA to be less available for RNA polymerase?
Why do some regulatory regions of a gene not have to be close to the coding sequence?
Why does the mRNA match the sequence of the gene's DNA coding strand?
Why do the cellular hosts of some viruses not have to wait for transcription to synthesize their proteins?
Why do sexual organisms have two copies of each chromosome?
Why does the sequence of one strand completely specify the sequence of its complement?
Why do organisms inherit the characteristics of their parents?
What happened in Portugal that contributed to Guinea-Bissau's independence?
Why is French taught in school?
What happens at Broadway below 8th Street?
What happens at Fifth Avenue from 8th street and above?
Why was Iran included in the collection of regions? 
Why did archaeologists count Iran as "The Near East"?
Why did the FCC reject systems such as MUSE?
Why does the PlayStation 3 have extensive HD compatibility?
What causes the black checked pattern in the wood of western hemlocks?
Why do many Somalis live in South Asia and Europe?
Why did kings increase the tax rate during this period?
Why would a black-looking Arab consider himself white?
Why was this classification made?
Why did some Chinese citizens qualify for benefits? 
Why were women slaves more popular?
Why did students move to Russia?
Why did the use of "African" become an issue?
Why did blacks fear to identify as African?
Why did Jackson want this term to be used?
Why did some argue that "black" was the better term?
Why were people offended by this comment?
Why was he indentured for life?
Why were his children free?
Why do birds primarily migrate?
What causes the timing of migration?
Why do birds migrate?
Why do the birds fly north?
Why do migrating land birds avoid large water bodies or mountain ranges?
Why do broad winged birds avoid geographical barriers?
Why do mountain and moorland breeders move only altitudinally?
Why are the waxwing Bombycilla not migrating for?
Why does altitudinal migration occur in some tropical birds?
Why do birds migrate south in winter?
Why are seabirds from the southern hemisphere more likely to migrate?
What happens in polygynous species with sexual dimophism?
Why do males in polygynous species return before the females?
What happens when the site attachment is made?
Why do birds need to molt?
What causes the behavioral adaptations necessary for migration?
Why was the first boardwalk built in Atlantic City?
What happened to Atlantic City in the early part of the 20th century?
What happened to David Bradley's shop that led to the creation of salt water taffy?
Why did the Atlantic City Redevelopment Authority partner with Steve Wynn?
What happened to the Sands Atlantic City a year after it closed?
Why did many of the proposed mega casinos never get further than the initial planning stages?
Why was there a photo of the Boardwalk if it wasn't actually damaged in the storm?
Why did executives say they were considering selling the Taj?
Why does clinical immunology extend to those areas?
Why are newborns described as being physiologically immunodeficient?
What happened to Napster?
What happened to the patents that caused them to be patent-free?
What happened after the injunction was successful?
Why did the term house become popular? 
Why were DJs inspired to create their own house records?
Why do many hip hop and R&B artists turn to house music?
Why are uppercase letters preferred often times when space is restricted?
What caused a temporary exodus from Nueva Vizcaya?
Why did different sects come about within Shiism?
What would happen to the Nizari Ismaili if the Imam fails to leave a successor?
Why did thousands of new workers flock to Houston?
Why did Houston's economy have problems in the late 1980's?
What caused population growth to decline  in the 1980s?
What happens to copper if an electrical current gets too high?
What happens to the silicate slag  during the flash smelting process?
Why did the  Chief Commissioners Province of HP come into being?
Why do fungi communicate?
Why do communications professionals typically specialize in only one or two areas of communication?
Why did Morris Jr make the computer worm?
What happens to most intermarried people in the orthodox community?
Why are the codes and responsa different in regards to details?
Why do parasitic species lay their eggs on their prey?
Why is it more economical for scientists to study a small number of species?
Why are  the fruit fly and the nematode the most intensively studied metazoan model organisms?
Why are the Mollusca and Annelida considered to be close relatives?
What happens with the reduced carbon compounds in the food are broken down releasing stored solar energy?
Why would more fermentable sugars be added to be beer during the brewing process?
What causes fermentation during the brewing process when making a beer?
What happens to grain when it is soaked in water?
Why were different East Asian races divided in 1890 Census?
Why was the Royal College of Chemistry founded?
What happened to the kingdom of Hanover in 1866?
Why did Cannon believe that physiological responses were insufficient cause for emotions?
Why were early mammals active at night?
Why do the constraints of constructing a flight deck affect the role of a carrier?
Why is STOVL used by other navies?
Why do almost all carriers using conventional aircraft have arrested-recovery systems?
Why is a ski-jump not included on mixed flight deck operations where helicopters are present?
Why did China purchase the STOBAR carrier Liaoning in 1998?
Why is Liaoning not assigned to any of China's operation fleets?
Why did the Chinese PLA Navy need 4-5 years for Liaoning to reach full capacity?
Why were carrier-launched aircraft more effective than naval guns?
What caused early aircraft carriers to be made up of conversions of ships that were previously cargo ships, cruisers or battlecruisers?
Why do nations risk significant political impacts if a carrier is lost or even used in conflict?
Why is Lancashire smaller than its historical extent?
What caused the sea to rise during the Jurassic?
What caused the destruction of fern prairies and increasing shallows?
Why is the video and audio of the H.323 technique higher quality?
Why did the Spanish colonies lag behind in adopting the calendar?
Why would a knuckle -space count be used to determine months?
Why is calculating the days of the Gregorian calendar not simple?
Why were early multi-platform games considered superior on the 360?
Why was the 360 considered a market success for Microsoft?
Why did Coalition nations fear the removal of Hussein from power?
Why was the US military so small initially?
What caused a spike in difficulties between settlers and indigenous peoples on the western plains after the Civil War?
What happens to a molecule if an oscillation results in a dipole being changed?
What happens to the amount of radiation an object emits as temperature increases?
Why does infrared not cause trouble for devices in adjacent rooms?
What can cause a break down of a biodiversity system?
What causes genetic pollution?
Why are some scientists uncertain about the fossil record?
What happened in the Carboniferous?
What caused the loss of biodiversity?
Why was the code patterned so that most codes were together?
What caused the automatic paper tape reader to start again?
Why was their use limited?
Why did Telnet define an ASCII as a Network Virtual Terminal?
Why did the committee debate adding a shift function?
Why did they decide against shifting code?
What happened after they decided agasint shifting?
Why did the committee consider a 8 bit code?
Why did the committee decide on 7bit instead?
Why did most countries need a adapted version of ASCII?
Why are the other versions of ASCII not true ASCII?
Why was paper tape better than magnetic tape?
Why were problems created when transferring files between systems?
Why did Teletype have the code for "rubout"?
Why is adding two characters at the ned of a line problemsome? 
Why do some animals pass food through their gut twice?
What happens with these soft feacal pellets?
Why is internal digection better than external?
What happens to infected plant cells?
What happens when you bite something you cant chew?
What happens to digesta when it moves to the small intestine?
What happens when there is a presence of fat in the small intestine?
What happens in a chennel transupport system? 
What happens with the pinch off part of the outer membrane?
What happens in the stomach after the food is chewed and mixed with starches?
Why is AGG different than Rhythmic Gymnastics? 
Why was this verb used?
Why are the bars not made of wood anymore?
Why was club Barcelona placed under restrictions during the occupation?
What caused the loss to Steaua Bucuresti in Seville?
Why did Gamper want Barcelona to acquire a stadium of its own?
What caused the suppression of regional cultures?
Why did the stadium need to be redesigned in 1980?
Why was Saurez not playing for four months?
Why does the FBI operate LEGAT offices?
Why did the FBI stop doing bullet lead analysis?
What happened to Mary's body at death?
What happened to many of the larger suburban mansions from the boom era?
Why was the Port Phillip Channel Deppening Project subject to controversy and strict regulations?
What causes increased pollution and levels of bacteria such as E. coli to rise in the Yarra River and its tributaries?
Why is urban Melbourne divided into hundreds of suburbs?
Why were films banned by Victorian politicans in 1912?
What happened at the start of John's reign?
Why did John divert south?
Why did Philip move south?
Why was John motivated?
Why was Philip forced to withdraw in the east?
Why did John hesitate to attack Louis?
What happened to Apple's market share with the release of Windows 95?
Why was the spelling of McIntosh changed to Macintosh?
Why did many software developers choose not to redesign the Mac operating system and rewrite the programming code?
Why were sales of the Power Mac G4 Cube slow?
Why was the new iMac G4 considerably more expensive than the G3?
Why did Raskin leave the Apple team in 1981?
What caused Steve Jobs to resign from Apple in 1985?
What happened to the pilots that were in the aircraft shot down?
Why was Britain mainly interested in solid fuel rockets?
What happened at the same time as the crash, which may have contributed to the government downplaying it?
What caused the nobility to leave Valencia?
What caused American forces to deploy in large number in 1965?
What caused a dramatic shift in Italian sentiment toward the war?
Why do research findings believe the Internet has a negative effect on teen physical health?
Why are children from suburban communities more likely to participate in activies that benefit their identity?
Why do researchers believe the social event reporting by adolescents (rather than sexual activity) is important?
Why is the krill so important to the Antarctic area?
Why did the British and Americans want to cede most of Eritrea to the Ethiopians?
Why does Eritrean cooking tend to feature more seafood than Ethiopian cuisine?
Why is the concentrate of uranium in farmland so high?
What happens to a majority of ingested uranium?
Why did the oversea nominations discontinue?
Why did Britain not want Elizabeth to associate with conscientious objectors?
What happens if the concepts are measured on the same scale?
What can cause problems with these scales that are used?
Why does translation cause such issues among different cultures?
Why is racism so bad in the non white LGBT community?
Why did the Pan American Health Organization release this statement?
Why was SASO created?
Why does basing sexual orientation on one component cause problems?
Why do people say KInseys work is not correct?
Why did SIgmund believe all humans are born bisexual?
Why does psychiatrist Anil Aggrawal say androphilia and gynephilia are needed terms?
What caused valuable information to be lost while using the KInsey scale?
Why was collapsing the two values into one score a problem?
Why did Sell consider the questions regarding sexual attraction the most important?
Why do researches in homosexual studies argued that it is a social and historical constuction?
Why was the KInsey scale developed?
Why did pritz klein come up with the KSOG?
What happened to Dell's revenue and share price in the post-PC market?
Why does a litigant initiate a lawsuit under the Civil Rights Act of 1871?
Why did John Locke believe that one person cannot enslave another?
Why did Encyclopedias and dictionaries become more popular during the Age of Reason?
What caused an increasingly literate population to develop in the Enlightenment era?
Why were the controllers hard-wired to the console with no connectors?
Why did the companies circumvent the authentication system?
Why was Nintendo accused of antitrust behavior?
What happened to the usurping bishop, George?
Why was this work considered to be important?
Why was the First Council of Nicaea convened?
Why was Athanasius instructed to stop pretend baptising?
What happened when Constans died?
Why did the Bishops condemn Athanasius?
What happened to the Bishops who did not take the oath?
What happened to Bishop George?
What happened to Bishop leaders who did not agree with the doctrine?
Why is the Gospel of John said at the end of Catholic Mass?
What caused bad press during the conference protests in Seattle?
What happens to information during the encoding process?
Why do some countries display numbers in chunks of two to four numbers?
Why do infants and young childrens memories need to be assesed differently?
What can cause your memory to deterioriate or not work as well?
What happens to a person whose autobiographic memory is damaged?
What can cause a person to have fake memories?
Why were there more immigrants in the US?
What caused lower classification status for African Americans?
What is the effect of there no longer being a stigma on interracial marriage?
Why were Americans allowed to start checking more than one box to identify their race in the Census in 200?
Why did the anti-miscegenation not insure that there was no interracial mixing?
What caused many slaveholder to free their slaves?
What caused Quaker and Methodist preachers to want to free slaves?
What caused many men to free slaves from 1782 to 1810?
Why were laws like the one drop rule enacted?
Why did muticultural Americans hid their heritage?
Why were some multiracial children sent to Europe?
Why were laws limiting people of color passed?
Why did Chesapeake Bay colonists begin to buy slaves?
Why did Steele think people were not attacking Barrack Obama?
Why did Steele say what he did?
Why did natives consider Africans to have a 'Great Medicine'?
Why was insulin therapy delayed?
Why was barbiturates and amphetamines restricted?
What causes Streptococci?
What caused a Tetanus outbreak?
Why are patents criticized?
Why were the researchers recognized in 1975?
What caused a need for more regulation?
Why was this drug pulled off shelves?
What happens when companies outsource?
Why was Mevastatin never marketed?
Why are collaborative agreements important?
Why are these companies rewarded?
Why do refineries like to buy bitumen instead of synthetic oil?
Why is Japan black used for outdoor paint?
Why did medical professionals advise against using an anaesthetic during childbirth?
Why did members of the clergy oppose the use of chloroform? 
Why did members of the clergy oppose the use of chloroform for childbirth?
What caused Prince Albert's death?
Why did Maclean shoot at Victoria?
Why did the Radicals and Tories oppose the bill about the constitution of Jamaica?
Why did Peel resign his comission?
What happened to Louis Philippe after the revolution in France? 
What happened in June 1859?
Why did Victoria repremend Derby following her visit with Napolean III? 
Why did Victoria's family disapprove of Abdul Karim?
Why did Victoria visit Ireland in 1861?
Why was Victoria advised not to visit France in April of 1900?
Why did the King dislike Victoria taking the trips?
What happened that decimated a large portion of Ireland?
What happened to the British possesions after the Rebellion of 1857? 
What caused the British East India Company to lose control of India?
What happened to the assets of the British East India Company after it was removed from power?
What caused Victoria's rheumatism?
What happened in Victoria's life on the day after the one year anniversary of Brown's death?
Why did Victoria inherit the throne?
What happened when Victoria's Uncle George IV died?
What caused Victoria to become the Queen of the United Kingdom?
Why did Victoria live with her mother at the beginning of her reign?
What happened to Francis after his attempt to shoot Victoria?
Why did Francis fail to kill Queen Victoria?
What happened to John Francis after his second attempt to fire on the Queen?
What happened to President Bonaparte in 1852?
Why did Victoria hate Sir Conroy and Lady Flora?
What happened to Edward Oxford to after he was found guilty of high treason?
What caused Queen Victoria to threaten to abdicate five times? 
Why did Queen Victoria want to take over other countries? 
Why was Victorias eyesight clouded?
What caused Victoria limited mobility later in life?
Why did Gladstone resign in 1885? 
Why did Gladstone resign?
Why did the Grand Orient de France conclude that Freemasonry shouldn't require religious belief?
Why did English Freemasonry almost come to a halt in 1799?
Why was the Centre de Liasion et d'information des Puissances maconniques signataires de l'Appel de Strasbourg set up?
Why does the Catholic Church oppose the Freemasons so strongly?
What would happen if someone in the Greek Orthodox Church became a Freemason?
What happens if two Grand Lodges try to establish themselves in the same area?
Why was Prince Hall Freemasonry formed?
What happened when the UGLE was formed in 1813?
Why did Deraismes resign from Freemasonry?
Why do muslim anti-masonics believe that the Freemasons want to destroy the Al-Aqsa Mosque?
Why did they destroy the nuclear reactor?
WHy did the foundation make the switch 
WHy did they decide not to fund abortion
Why were the gates foundation educational reforms critcized
What happened to the population by the year 1880?
What happened in 1923 that required repairs to many of the city's engineering works?
Why did humans feel that addtional breeding tatics were necessary in poulty? 
Why is the Pekin duck the favored of the western world?
Why is duck more common than other poultry in the east society ??
Why is the meat of geese considered fatty ?
Why did the Japanses begin to breed quails in teh 20th century?
What caused a marked sownturn in the production of quail eggs following the industry boom?
What causes the meat of some poultry to show rainbow like colr striations?
What happened to Buckingham after Queen Victoria left?
What happens to the energy that an incandescent bulb does not convert into light?
Why was Swan's first lamp not commercially viable?
Why do incandescent lights have superior color rendering?
Why are luminescent light sources not ideal for photography?
What is the effect of a kaolin coating on the light cast?
Why does inert gas reduce efficiency?
Why is xenon gas not more widely used?
Why does water increase lamp darkening?
What is the effect of a thicker filament on bulb temperature?
What caused Arsenal's loss to Galatasarey in the 1999-2000 season?
Why was Arsenal's match on 22 Jan. 1927 at Highbury a first?
Why are some parts of the body covered?
What can cause contact dermatitis for some people?
Why did it make sense to spend time fixing cloth?
Why were the first three games of the 1945 World Series played in Detroit?
Why did Green make a deal to shore up the starting rotation?
Why did the cubs need to host their home games at an alternative site?
Why did Lou Piniella leave the cubs prematurely?
Why did Caray often playfully quarrel with Stone?
What caused the start of the Korean War?
Why was the People's Republic of Korea not recognized?
Why did the Korean Communists and the Soviets refuse to cooperate in the elections and creation of independent Korea?
What caused a problem within the Korean Communist Party?
Why did Kim's war plan need revising?
Why was South Korea important to the US?
Why did the US not send in ground troops after the United Nations approved the use of force?
Why was the US naval blockade not feasible?
Why was the US not able to provide an adequate response to the Korean invasion?
Why did Zhou Enlai want a commitment the Soviet Union to commit to supporting the Chinese troops?
Why did the Soviet Union complain about the action of the US to the UN Security Council?
Why did India and Sweden never determine how much the US would compensate China?
Why did General MacArthur suggest an amphibious landing at Inchon?
Why were KPA forces unable to adequately defend themselves against UN forces?
Why did Kim Il-Sung redeploy his military troops?
What caused the North Koreans to move their capital for the second time?
Why did the X Corps leave Hungnam?
Why was the PVA unable to advance beyond Seoul?
What caused General Ridgway to initiate Operation Roundup?
Why did Stalin send two air forces divisions and other assistance to the Chinese?
Why is North Korea insisting that the 1953 armistice was violated?
Why were naval skirmishes not really seen in the Korean War?
Why has copyright infringement increased recently?
What would happen if you imported a copyrighted work into a country where the original is protected by copyright law?
What happens when a country bans a movie?
What happens if a royalty is paid to the copyright owner or representative?
What caused the second election of 2012? 
Why was the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company created?
Why did Shell sell some of its assets in March 2010?
What happened in several countries in response to Shell's April 2010 announcement?
What caused the delay in drilling after Shell's 2008 purchase?
Why was the Kulluk oil rig being towed to Washington?
What caused towing crews and rescue service to lose control while the Kulluk rig was in transport to Washington?
Why were the Fennica and Nordica chartered?
Why did Shell file lawsuits?
Why is it necessary for smaller animals to have an insulative covering?
what would happen if the trade did not return a profit for at least 3 years?
why did King James I licence other trading companies from england?
what caused the Dutch to expand thier spice trade in the malaccan straits?
Why did EIC want tthe letters of marque most?
Why did peasants from Zhangzhou travel north to Xiamen?
What happens when a wrestler has a fall against them?
Why are tagging rules made?
What happens in a fatal four-way?
What happens during a pin attempt?
What happens with an illegal pinning move when it is seen by a referee? 
What happens if the wrestler doesn't break a hold?
What happens if all wrestlers are down?
What happens during a countout?
What happens behind the scenes of a match?
What happens with many wrestlers?
What happened when a tag was made? 
What happened to Hornswoggle?
Why did the definition of film speeds change considerably?
What happened to film speeds of black-and-white negative film?
What happens outside the 1/1000 second to 1/second exposure range?
Why did the one-party government struggle after the major earthquake in 1985?
Why is Mexico City vulnerable to flooding?
What happened to the dikes the Aztecs built?
Why did the first elected head of government of Mexico City resign?
Why does the government prevent more than 63% of a party to control the legislature? 
Why did the construction of the Fine Arts Palace take so long?
Why did other students often tease Napoleon?
What happened to the Huns after Attila's death?
What happened to the Slavic people of the Baltic?
What happened to the Jews during the crusades?
What causes additional rainfall during monsoon?
What causes the Southeast Asian regions to experience wet & dry seasons?
Why does BYU's Winter semester end earlier than most colleges?
Why are many BYU athletes older than other schools' players?
Why did the US president say the Incursion of Florida was neccessary
Why did Madrid cede the territory to the US 
Why did the 2 districts have to be redrawn in 2014 
What happened to loyal Roman Catholicism priests?
Why is Thurnigia's landscape shaped by human influence?
What caused the wide sex ratio gap in Thuringia?
Why did the iron, copper and silver mines fail?
Why are there too many hospital beds?
Why are species can be difficult to classify because they?
Why would carnivourous plants be difficult to classify into a food pyramid?
Why were plant populations affected after wolves were eliminated from Yellowstone?
Why would cats and dogs potentially become companions in captivity?
Why did universities have these gardens?
Why was plant taxonomy developed?
Why did monasteries have gardens?
Why were new plants arriving in Europe in the 18th century?
Why are plants important to human life?
Why do food chains start with plants?
Why would botanists study weeds?
Why is table sugar produced?
What causes lower growth in plants?
Why do plants develop bulbs?
What can cause the doubling of chromosome pairs?
What happens to these new plants if they are able to reproduce?
Why was this plant chosen for sequencing?
Why is sequencing done on plants?
Why is a plant chosen for the study of its cells?
What happens when a plant remains totipotent?
Why do phloem sieve tubes stop forming?
Why are plants able to stop and start dividing cells?
Why did Darwin feel plants had something comparable to a brain?
What happens if a plant looses roots or its shoots?
Why did MTV ban the video for Justify My Love?
Why did the Russian Orthodox Church and Federation of Jewish Communities of Russian asked members to boycott the concert?
What happens when an unconstitutional statute remains on the books?
What would happen if a lower court tried to enforce an unconstitutional statute?
What would happen if a lower court refused to uphold a constitutional law?
Why can American tort law not be easily summarized?
Why is tort law hard to standardize?
What happens when both the federal and state governments have regulations that overlap?
What happens after a bill is delivered to the OFR?
Why does Congress give generalized powers to federal agencies?
Why is stare decisis a limited form of lawmaking?
Why were decisions not reported or recoded correctly?
Why would one judge reject another's opinion?
Why was the rule of precedent allowed?
What caused the downfall of the downfall of the the original kingdom in Myanmar?
Why was U Wisara involved in a resistance movement of such extremes ?
Why was marshal law declared in Burma in 1989?
Why was the referendum in 2008 ?
What happened to the political prisoner being held in Burma ?
Why did India stop supporting the military in Myanmar in 2008 ?
What happens if one is not able to prove ancestral claim on full citizenship ?
What happened in Rakhine in the summer of 2012 that had severe implications on the running of the location?
What caused Myanmar to receive a rating of 6?
Why are groups hesitant to work with government officials ?
Why is Burma experiencing this problem with the gems industry  ?
Why is this country so influential to the Burma academics ?
Why was this film relevant enough to be the first ?
Why does Ashkenazim represent the overwhelming majority of Jews in the New World continents?
Why was it easy for people to believe that cotton grew on sheep that grew in plants?
Why is cotton grown as an annual crop?
What happens when a frame contains areas where nothing has moved?
Why did The Sun change the wording of the headline?
What happened on BBC's Newsnight in 1998?
Why were former Sun staff members put in police custody in early 2012?
What happened on 22 January 2015?
Why was the use of organochlorine hydrocarbons ended?
Why are 99% of pesticide related deaths in underdeveloped countries?
What is the effect of pesticide drift?
Why are hydrocarbon pesticides not excreted?
Why are alternative methods of pest control gaining popularity?
Why were decoy towns used in WW2
Why did Cj clark shoes leave the area 
Why was the Somerset county Canal built 
Why was the school named Yale College?
Why was "An Act for Liberty to Erect a Collegiate School" proposed?
Why was The Yale Report established?
Why do debates not have a distinct winner?
What caused disagreement about Yale's new position?
Why did Coe donate to American studies programs?
Why do New Haven city officials dislike Yale?
Why did President Levin believe there were so many Yale alumni presidential candidates?
Why did Richard Brodhead believe there were so many Yale alumni presidential candidates?
Why did Gaddis Smith believe John Kerry led Yale's Political Union Liberal Party?
Why does CNN believe George W. Bush was accepted into Yale?
Why was Howard Dean proud of his graduating class?
Why was Professor David Graeber retired during the strike?
Why was the campus police established?
Why did people dislike the college being named after John C. Calhoun?
What caused the decrease in commerce and production in the 14th century?
Why are larger cathedrals and churches associated with the Gothic style?
Why did country borders not affect differences in style within Gothic architecture?
Why were many buildings covered with marble?
Why were three large portal used in the construction of the Roman Arch of Constantine?
What happens when an alloy is mixed with a molten base?
What causes an alloy to form a solid solution?
Why was tin was rarely used for everyday use?
What happens to precipitation hardening alloys after they quenched?
Why did Francis Grose think that Norfolk Island should be closed as a penal settlement?
Why did a small group of people remain on Norfolk Island, after others had already left?
Why did a few scholars think Burke hadn't intended his book as a satire yet later claimed it was a satire?
Why do miniature PM motors use high energy magnets?
Why were stepper motors abandoned in computer drive designs?
What causes the government to exert greater control over broadcast media than print media?
What happened in the 20th century?
Why is Isaac Hunter's Tavern popular?
Why did the city not grow during the Civil War?
What happened in 1900?
What caused the Winter Storm of 2000?
What happens to amino acids that are left over after the body has converted what it can to glucose?
Why did Russia move towards the warmer ports of the Black Sea?
Why did the U.K and France get involved with the war against the Russia?
Why did the Russians strip their warships of their guns?
What caused the HMS Prince to sink?
What caused the electrical telegraph to be delayed for some time?
What caused the HMS Jasper to get stuck in shallow water?
Why did the third siege attempt fail?
What caused the number of Turkish soldiers to decrease?
What happens if an NPO does not abide by the tax laws?
Why is marketing harder for NPOs?
Why did this author embrace young adult literature as a grownup?
What causes a person to become separated from their "true self"?
Why would an author utilize experimental narratives in literature?
Why did some accuse Ibn Sina of burning down the royal library?
Why do the syllabaries differ?
Why is the Bermuda Triangle an area of interest?
Why is the island safe from full hurricane devastation?
Why is the top of the seamount formed by marine organisms?
Why are divers attracted to Bermuda?
Why is Bermuda a great place for snorkellers?
Why is the National bird of importance?
Why is there a debate as to dubbing the diamondback terrapin the oldest indigenous land vertebrate?
Why is it problematic that the "coloured" population of Bermuda is now referred to as "black" or "African heritage"?
Why were so many blacks repeatedly being imported from Africa?
Why can Bermudian blacks trace their ancestry back over centuries in Bermuda?
Why is the black population in Bermuda different from that in the British West Indies and the United States?
Why was there a large population of Algonquian people in Bermuda?
Why does a third of the population spend time at sea?
Why did the Somers Isles Company decide to surpress shipbuilding?
Why was the Somers Isles Company's charter revoked?
Why did defence infrastructure become the major source of Bermuda's economy?
What happened to Bermuda's independance due to British importance on them for military reasons?
Why did the need for Bermuda's salt diminish?
Why is Captain Fritz Joubert Duquesne famous?
Why did the plane have to land twice before reaching Bermuda?
Why is the US so important to Bermuda?
Why did Bermuda join CARICOM?
Why did the English originally colonize Bermuda?
Why were Black politicians upset about the change in immigration laws?
Why are some Bermudians against the emphasis of West Indies cultural connections?
What happened at the end of the Cold War?
Why is Bermuda considered an offshore financial center?
Why were sports important in these schools?
What happened to the Public schoolboys in these sports?
Why is there an East End/West End rivalry?
Why is southern Nigeria losing its forests?
What happens between 275 and 650
Why was the transition to a new union difficult 
What happened in the early 21 st century 
What happens on Cultural Sunday 
Why did the Soviet government fear the governments of France and Britain?
Why did western power believe that the soviet government wouldn’t partake in another world war?
Why did Poland deny the proposal of the Soviet Union protecting them from a German Attack?
Why did Soviets create fake elections in Poland?
Why was the west creating a war?
Why did the Germans distrust the soviet agenda?
What caused distrust between the German and Soviet governments?
Why did Stalin sign the pact? 
Why did Karl von Loesch bury the microfilm?
What happens to the current when a battery has been attached to a capacitor for an adequate amount of time?
Why was a gap left at the mouth of Leyden jars?
Why did Bell labs create their new type of capacitor?
What causes the assumption of constant capacitance to fail even if the effect is linear in nature?
What causes the decrease of capacitance in ceramic capacitors as they age?
What can cause excessive leakage in a capacitor?
What happens to the conductivity of the electrolyte at low temperatures?
Why is the value of C0 unattainable in reality?
Why are the plates and dielectrics often staggered in larger value capacitors?
Why are capacitors connected in parallel with the power circuits of many devices and large systems?
What happens to the current when an inductive circuit is opened?
What happens to the voltage when an inductive circuit is opened?
What caused ancient texts to be rediscovered by Byzantine scholars?
What caused Romanticism to end?
What happened to geology during the Scientific Revolution?
What happened after radioactivity was realized?
What happens in a market when there is competition?
What happened to a digimon that receives a fatal wound?
What happens to a digimon after it dissolves?
What happens if a Digimons data is completely destroyed?
What happens to a digimon after they evolve?
What happened for the first time to the DigiDestined in the film series?
What happened to the magazines after their run of Digimon?
What causes glaciers to deform and flow?
What causes glaciers to release meltwater?
Why are the tops of glaciers rigid?
Why are glacial crevices formed?
Why do marginal crevasses form on the edge of a glacier?
Why are some glaciers stagnant in Alaska?
Why do mountains between 19N and 19S tend to have snow?
What caused a 2012 spike in Comcast profits?
What happened to the U.S. Olympic Network?
Why would Italian Americans want to get themselves designated as members of a preferred group?
Why does Sowell believe that there is little to no incentive for the preferred minority groups to perform at their best?
Why was the lawsuit eventually dismissed?
Why did they miss that competition? 
What happens in the event of a tie?
Why was that? 
What happened during those years? 
Why is it held at Webly Stadium? 
What happens if the pitch is not up to par? 
What happens to multiple cup winners? 
Why did Alsace decline has a prospering territory?
Why did Frederick III use a tax and a marriage in Upper Alsace?
Why was the carnival feast typically the last opportunity to eat well?
Why would all the remaining stores of lard, butter and meat left at vastenavond be eaten?
Why was the winter driven out?
Why were multiple holidays seized by the Catholic population?
What happened to the men and women chosen to represent the Lord of Misrule?
Why are Touloulous given free condoms?
Why do the women drink through a straw? 
Why are the festivals in Peru held when they are?
Why did American Baptist congregations split?
Why would families perfer labour done at the home as opposed to the factory?
Why was this age range important?
Why were many children employed?
What happened at Verdingkinder auctions?
What happened in the European Union in 1996?
What happens to the wages of adults?
What caused child labour to decrease in the 20th century?
What caused child labour to decrease in Vietnam?
What happened to the 2005 deadlines?
Why is gold vital to the people of Mali?
What happened to the reward the BBC received?
What happened to the 50,000 children in the UNICEF study?
What happened to the number of free colored people for the first few decades after the war?
Why were travelers often robbed under Fujiwara rule?
What caused Darwin to change his mind about the unbridgeable gap between animals and humans?
Why was Darwin unhappy with the first French translation of On the Origins of Species?
Why is competition so fierce between related species?
Why did Darwin wonder why all of nature isn't chaotic and random?
Why would hybrids have characteristics that keep them from being fertile?
Why did Darwin introduce a new chapter in On the Origin of Species in the sixth edition?
Why did Darwin avoid the topic of the origins of humans in most of his book?
Why did James T. Costa think that On the Origin of Species was more likely to draw interest than a larger book that Darwin had been working on?
Why did James T. Costa think the larger, abandoned book would not have been as successful?
Why did On the Origin of Species likely raise so much interest and debate?
Why was the book taken seriously even though much of the response was hostile?
Why did Huxley coin the name "Darwinism?"
Why were political radicals such as Ernst Haekel so interested in On the Origin of Species?
Why did most scientists accept the validity of evolution by the 1870s, but considered natural selection a minor part of it?
Why were some political commentaries attempting to attach natural selection to human races?
What caused Chernenko to leave office?
What happened to Prague and Hungary's attempts at independence?
What happened to Georgian politics as a result of the attack?
Why do some scholars propose a Thursday is possible?
Why do some other scholars argue that it happened on a Wednesday?
Why do scholars say the times are different depending on the gospel it's written in?
What causes the different accounts of the cross used?
Why was there doubt about the Latin word?
Why was that type of cross important?
Why was a platform used?
Why was a solar eclipse impossible?
Why did Jesus accept Crucifixion.
Why did Jesus submit to crucifixion?
Why did Jesus sacrifice himself?
Why are there differences in ancient copies of the same text?
Why are scholars concerned with analysis of the Gospels over the letters?
Why is it important for textual critics to analyze the Gospels?
Why is there opposition to textual criticism of Jewish and Muslim religious books?
Why is finding the first exemplar important in textual criticism?
Why are there multiple variations of texts before the advent of the printing press?
Why is it important to document variations in witness texts when compiling a critical text?
Why would someone prefer a second edition to a first edition?
Why are older manuscripts preferred?
Why is a methos that only produces two branches seen as inferior?
Why would editors only want two alternative branches when analyzing a text?
Why did McKerrow alter his previous method of criticism?
Why did Professor Skousen gather fragments and have them analyzed?
Why did Reprise only release one 78 rpm vinyl?
What caused a delay in the production of high quality records?
What caused the constant linear velocity?
Why are these records known as '78s'?
Why did Elvis sales of 78s perform so well in the Southern States?
Why did Chrysler discontinue use of the Hifi 16 2/3 rpm record?
Why were 45s more popular with jukeboxes?
What happened in 1958 that changed the home music scene?
Why did some music lovers frown upon diaphragming? 
What causes clicks and pops on vinyl records?
What causes warping in vinyl records?
What happens if a vinyl comes with a bit of warp?
What happens as a record wears?
What happens when frequency decreases in the bass?
Why do photos show take on horns?
Why did Robert Osborne stop presenting films on TCM for several months?
Why did parties that relied on donations or subscriptions run into problems?
Why were instruments more unwelcome to Christians?
Why did Dominic sell his books?
Why did Dominic travel to Denmark in 1203?
Why did families send their girls to Diego's monastery? 
Why was the English order of the Dominicans so successful in England?
Why did construction of Eton Mission cease in 1971?
Why was a subject ordered to appear to Pop-Tanning in old trousers?
Why is being a charity beneficial to Eton?
What caused the deaths of half of Cork's citizens?
Why can temperatures differ so much between the city of Cork and the weather station maintained at the airport? 
What happened after the economy dropped off around 2008?
Why was it natural to have Ford Motor Company based in Cork?
Why did the Cork Tramway Company stop operations?
Why did the cab operators not like the tracks?
Why were the designs for different USB connectors made?
What happens whenever a USB host is restarted?
Why is the ability to boot write-locked SD cards with a USB adapter advantageous for?
Why was Media Transfer Protocol designed?
Why has MTP become the primary storage access protocol of the Android operating system?
Why were standard connectors designed to be so robust?
Why was the change made for the USB device?
Why were loose tolerances allowed for compliant USB connectors?
Why are the Non-OTG compliant devices not allowed to use the micro-AB receptacle?
Why did Sichuan see some communist activity?
Why did Sichuan lose its status as the most populous Province in 1997?
Why was the Chongqing Municipality formed?
Why did China need to resettle people into Chongqing?
Why were the first 256 code points made identical to ISO-8859-1?
Why was a surrogate character mechanism implemented?
Why are some foreign characters rarely used? 
Why was the Unicode 2.0 codespace increased? 
What happens when a name is defective or misleading?
Why is it possible to distinguish UTF-8 from other protocols?
Why has Unicode been criticized for not separately encoding forms of kanji?
Why has Thai alphabet support been criticized? 
Why did Blacks move to Detroit in the middle if the 20th century?
Why was the Greater London Council established?
Why are herds of deer starting to enter residential areas in London?
Why does South London have such a high number of railways?
What causes the southern fringe to receive cloudiness and   rainfall?
What happens to the rule of law if a government does not have an effective system for maintenance and restoration?
What happens to those that do not follow to the rule of law?
Why are Dzongkha, Sikkimese, Sherpa, and Ladakhi considered to be separate languages?
Why did the Qing Qianlong Emperor send a large Chinese army into Tibet?
Why did the Chinese goverment denounce the accord?
Why do smaller schools want to play against major FBS teams?
Why did Northwestern replace it's original official colors of black and gold?
What caused Oklahoma's temperature to plummet 66 degrees on Nov 11, 1911?
What caused the temporary NBA team to relocate to Oklahoma?
Why did the state House think they could change Oklahoma's motto?
What happened in India during the Neolithic period?
What happened to Harsha's empire after his death?
What happened to the rebels of the Rebellion?
Why was Nasser rejected from the Academy?
Why did Jordan and Lebanon seek outside aid?
What happened to Nasser after the breakup of the UAR?
What caused the agreement to fail?
Why did Nasser abandon the Presidential Council?
Why did Roncalli leave Venice?
Why were the people in Saint Peter's Square chanting and yelling?
What causes humans to underestimate time intervals?
Why did the French want a French bank president?
What happens when a lot of repo notes come due?
What happens whe not as many repo notes are coming due?
What happens when members increase their deposits?
Why did the Spanish think that Vicuña would be a suitable replacement for González-Páramo?
What happens if the national supervisory authority designated by a Member State is not a national central bank?
Why do EU institutions and national governments have to respect the independence of the ECB?
What happens when the private banking system is weakened?
Why were italian bonds purchased by the ECB?
Why did propsals about making the European sovereign debt assets more like the US Treasury?
Why did the ECB intervene during the subprime mortgage crisis?
What would happen if some of the banks were to begin buying govenrment bonds?
Why was Neuman rejected from joining US Army?
What caused a setback in naive set theory at the beginning of 20th century?
Why did von Neumann join government work?
Why did this occur?
Why did Henry VIII wish to execute his fifth wife?
Why was King George VI's personal assent in 1939 noteworthy?
What happens if the soverign doesn't sign the bill within the six-month time frame?
What happens in the rare case the government doesn't approve of a law that has passed both houses?
What caused Boganda to leave his elected post?
What caused a violent uprising?
What caused most of the missionaries to leave the country?
What happens in very severe cases of asthma?
What can cause symptoms and asthma serverity to change?
Why is spirometry so commonly used to diagnose asthma?
Why is this not determined in a patient with COPD?
Why are smoking bans in place?
Why are different countries effected differently?
Why was Back to the Future released with analog sound?
What happens to the right channel in a player that doesn't recognize AC-3?
Why is physical contact with a VHS tape less desirable than an optical reading?
Why does the CAV format prevent crosstalk?
What happens during "laser lock"?
Why were LaserDiscs more popular in Japan?
Why did Squeeze LDs have a very limited market?
Why do RLV discs have a blue or purple reflective color?
Why did Albert fear speaking in public?
Why was Albert the heir presumptive to the throne?
What happened on January 1st 1901?
What happens with President's Rule?
What happened to Russia's subdivision of government? 
What happened in Federalist No.46?
What happened in Federalist No. 28
Why did the constitution didn't have to explain federalism? 
What happened between 1938 to 1995?
What happens with the Brussels special position?
What happens when certain constitutional amendments cannot occur?
Why is Brazil an exception?
Why is China's government similar to unity structure?
What happened since 1997?
What happens in Presbyterian denominations?
What happens in the council of Jerusalem?
Why are some leeches endangered?
Why are annelid fossils rare?
Why are annelids' segments like water-balloons?
Why is it sometimes hard to think of God as benevolent?
Why does Stewart Guthrie believe that people project their human features onto non human things?
Why would humans have begun to create gods?
Why did the US use the CIA instead of the Air Force to run drones?
What caused MacDonald to form a separate party?
Why were they striking?
Why was the electoral college introduced?
Why did Blair side with Bush?
Why were alternative energy sources judged uneconomical in 2001?
Why was the Alaska Permament Fund established?
Why did Governor Keith Miller propose the Alaska Permanent Fund before the Prudhoe Bay sale?
Why is the Permanent Fund an exception to the premise of the Alaskan Constitution?
What causes food in Alaskan cities to be relatively expensive?
Why is there a debate about moving the capital of Alaska to another town?
Why were sled-dogs used to deliver medicine to Nome in 1925?
Why was the second decline in popularity not a strong as the first?
What happens to mandolin notes when plucked? 
Why is the F-5 mandolin more expensive?
Why is it said that the Italian style can't hold their own session? 
Why is using racial categorization for profiling often criticized? 
Why are variations distributed along clines?
What happens when scientists try to apply science to sort out social differences?
Why does the ECRI reject theories based on the existence of different races?
Why does race undermine social cohesion in America?
Why is it bad that a category is merely socially constructed?
Why were these neighborhoods created?
Why did the jazz clubs close down?
Why did mathematical relations become necessary?
Why were the first buildings narrow?
Why did Zeus strike down Asclepius with a lightning bolt?
Why was there tension the day after the election?
Why did Senator Boxer say she voted the way she did?
What happened to diplomatic envoys the Mongols sent to Japan?
What caused some samurai to stop fighting?
Why did merchants prefer that their daughters not marry samurai?
What happened if a commoner concubine had a son?
Why did samurai avoid divorcing for reasons of dislike?
Why did Ashikaga let his wife take over?
Why were there armor changes in the 1500s?
Why are Eiji Yoshikawa's books popular?
Why is it so difficult to locate bugs in software?
What happens to software after a major change in code that leads to regression??
Why did a regional referendum in 1996 to merge Berlin with surrounding Brandenburg fail?
What happened to the Länder as they lost importance during the Nazi regime?
What causes glass to dissolve in water?
Why is lime often added to glass?
What happens during refining?
Why are high-index glasses valued?
Why are different materials used in a lab than are used in factory production?
Why is glass annealed?
What happens if the photoelectron's frequency is too low?
Why was the first quantized model of the atom introduced?
Why does this difficulty occur?
Why does relying on these effects create concern?
Why is the measurement of electric current an issue in the estimate of the gyromagnetic ratio?
Why did the total investment in renewable energy go down in 2012?
What happens as the scope of economically viable applications increases?
Why do utility operators often reject renewable resources?
Why do consumers often ignore renewable power systems?
Why is renewable energy an attractive option?
Why was the first settlement named Paleapolis?
Why did the Sicilian Wars end?
Why did the Greeks name Palermo Panormos?
What happened to Muslims during Holy Roman rule?
Why did Palermo substancially grow in size?
Why has Palermo's population declined from 2001 to 2010?
Why is green the color of the environmental movement?
Why are many plants green?
Why do most fish, reptiles, amphibians, and birds appear green?
Why was green facial makeup worn by ancient Egyptians?
Why were vegetal green dyes less than ideal?
Why were popular paints and pigments in the nineteenth century highly toxic?
Why was green chosen for a number of new European political parties in the 1980s?
What can cause symptoms in children ranging from diarrhea to retarded growth?
What causes symptoms such as lethargy and copper deficiency?
What happens to zinc when it is manipulated to the temperatures between 100 and 150 Celsius?
Why would zinc possibly be derived from the German word zinke?
Why is it possible that the name zinc could be derived from the German zinn?
Why does the Geul River contain heavy metals in a significant amount?
Why does zinc protect metals exposed to sea water from corroding?
Why are alloys used to make stamping dies rather than metal?
Why is zinc oxide useful in photocopying products?
Why is zinc oxide used in nuclear reactors?
Why is zinc carbonate poorly absorbed in the body?
Why was zinc being used in the 1930's?
Why was Shtokavian the most widespread culture in the western Balkans? 
Why was Shtokavian suggested as a common language base?
What caused the dialect continuum to become fractured?
Why did pre or prije develop rather than the symboled "pre"?
Why did CBC move The National in some areas?
Why is CBC's coverage preferable to other networks in the US?
Why was NBC criticized over its Olympic coverage?
Why did the CTRC send out a bulletin to broadcasters?
What happened after the French and Indian War?
Why are certain larger transformations not permitted?
Why is a loss of energy difficult to measure by weight?
Why were the prince electors able to proclaim themselves King of Prussia?
What happened as a result of Maximilian's death?
Why did the Russian army face such little resistance when moving through Prussia?
What would happen if some didn't comply with the Nazi's with their demands?
What happened to those Jews who remained?
What happened to most of the German population during the war in what is current day Kaliningrad?
What happened to the Curonians who lived in the area in East Prussia?
What happened at the aviation school in May 1913?
Why did the art of the Ottoman empire develop the way it did?
What caused a major increase in social inequality?
What caused Hayek to turn away from Wiser's ideology?
Why did the economics department turn down Hayek's employment?
What can cause an infection in the intestines?
What causes osmotic diarrhea?
What can cause osmotic diarrhea in healthy people?
What happens with inflammatory diarrhea?
What can cause inflammatory diarrhea?
Why does living in poverty raise your risk of diarrhea?
What causes this to be exacerbated?
Why is proper nutrition important?
What happened with people with Shigella were treated with anti-diarrheal medication?
Why do developing countries not wash their hands as much as other countries?
Why are sodas and high sugar fruit juices not recommended?
What happens when a childs food is restricted?
Why do madaris extend enrollment to children of less fortunate circumstances?
Why did the prophet Muhammad esteem women in Medina?
Why was philosophy taught in Ottoman madaris?
Why do so many multinationals have their Latin American headquarters in Miami?
Why can outdoor activities take place all year in Miami?
Why did so many Irish immigrants come to Philadelphia?
Why did the population decline after this time?
What happened in Philadelphia in 1856?
Why did SEPTA rail service get cut?
Why did Kerry participate in the protest?
Why were the protesters arrested?
Why did Morse retire?
Why was Kerry's brother messing with phone lines?
Why was Brooke being investigated?
Why did Kerry criticize Bush during the 2004 campaign?
Why did Rice withdraw?
Why did tigers became extinct in Sariska?
What happened just after the attack on Peal Harbor?
What happened that allowed the United States to have Guam?
Why were the Chamorros brought to Guam?
Why would Guam becoming a commonwealth be so important?
Why is the port so important?
What causes water quality problems in Guam?
Why did Hume say we expect the sun to rise?
Why did Hegel believe natural things are less real than spiritual things?
Why does Hegel believe we cannot know God?
Why did many Slavic languages distance themselves from Russian influences?
Why did the Czechoslavs consider Czech and Slovak to be a single language?
What happens to the subject and object to produce a passive voice in Czech?
What happened with education  during the Early Middle Ages?
Why was secondary school introduced in the U.S?
What happens when someone tries to improve education?
Why did post-punk fall out of love with punk?
Why did many post-punk artists produce and release their own music?
Why is only the broadest use of genre possible when trying to categorize what actually defines post-punk?
Why is the term post-punk sometimes disputed?
Why has the prefix 'post' caused a bit of dispute as it relates to various post-punk groups?
What happens to a quarter whose time expires while the ball is still live in play?
What causes a quarter to be extended one additional play even if time has run out?
What happened to the scope of France's colonies as a result of the war?
Why did Denmark-Norway remain neutral rather than assisting its longtime ally, Britain?
Why did Naples remain neutral?
Why would France want to invade Hanover?
Why was Beshuzev happy to put the troops on the Livonian-Lithunian border?
Why was France mad at the British-Prussian agreement?
Why did the French rulers need a large domestic army?
What happened to the Saxon army?
Why did the Dutch reject Britain's offer to join the alliance?
Why did Frederick reduce his manpower at Prague?
What caused the Russians based in Memel to be successful deeper into Prussia?
Why did Ferdinand feel comfortable withdrawing troops from the eastern front?
What caused alarm in France?
Why was Frederick able to retreat successfully?
What happened at Minden in 1757?
What happened to Frederick's army at the Battle at Kunersdorf?
What happened to the French Mediterranean fleet?
What happened to the French Brest fleet?
Why was Frederick's defeat of Daun so costly?
What happened to the British army?
What happened to French power in the area?
What happened to Austrian prestige due to the war?
What happened to Feyman's younger brother?
Why did Feynman go through a depression?
Why did Feynman decide to turn down an offer from the Institute of Advanced Study?
Why did publisher change the cover picture on Feynman's book?
Why did Feynman give up alcohol?
Why did Libya become an "international pariah"?
What happened to Libya right after World War II?
Why was Gaddafi made fun of in elementary school?
Why did Gaddafi's family have to leave Sabha?
Why did Gaddafi's family leave Sabha?
Why did Gaddafi drop out of college?
Why did Gaddafi select these men as RCC members?
What happened to Idris?
What happened to the monarchists and and journalists?
What happened to Libya's laws as a result of the first point of Gaddafi's speech?
Why did Libyan Arab Airlines Flight 114 accidentally fly into Israel's airspace?
Why did living standards decline in 1980s Libya?
Why did Mustafa A.G. Abushagur not become prime minister?
Why did the US impose an arms embargo on Turkey?
What happened to ports on Cyprus after capture of its northern territory by Turkish troops?
Why has demand for water increased annually on Cyprus?
Why has the water supply shrunk in previous years?
Why does the United Nations question the Human rights status of Cyprus?
Why was Turkey accused of violating the Geneva Conventions?
Why has Cyprus been sought out by offshore businesses?
Why did Spielberg make a movie instead of taking still photos for the photography merit badge?
Why was Jaws nearly shut down?
Why did Gremlins need 'PG-13'?
Why does Spielberg think aliens would visit?
What happens at the end of 'Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade'?
Why did Irving not want to be in Spielberg's films while dating?
Why was Spielberg's Cecil B. DeMille Award postponed from 2008?
Why were AC motors used?
Why do hydraulic elevators use more energy?
Why was the handle considered a "dead man switch"?
Why is this a bad practice?
Why is a "this car leaving next" sign used?
What happens when an elevator goes into Phase one mode?
What happens if the mode is activated on the fire-recall floor?
What happens when Neptune goes retrograde? 
Why is DC motor being used more than AC type?
Why do motors have little space for insulation?
Why was the reversing loop created?
Why are disel trains  still used on electrified routes?
What causes electric trains to waste energy?
What caused the energy efficiency to go up?
Why is  there still Bilingual  spoken in these states?
Why did Cubans come to the United States?
Why did the Nicaraguans come to America?
Why did Salvadorans come to America?
Why did Central Americans flee to the U.S.?
Why did Venezuelans come to America?
Why is New Mexico always an after thought in American -Spanish speaking society?
Why did Hitler feel bombing wasn't working?
Why did Hitler feel the Luftwaffe was unsuccessful in bombing raids?
Why did Hitler use terror bombing against Britain? 
Why did the Luftwaffe bomb the RAF Fighter Command?
Why did the Luftwaffe fail to locate their targets?
Why did the government  and civil service not want to relocate during the war?
Why were the shelters soon abandoned in 1940? 
Why were Londoners forced to sleep in shelters?
Why did the government refuse to allow the London Underground stations to be used as shelters?
Why were many killed in Underground Stations?
Why did the psychiatric clinics close?
Why were civic and political leaders worried about Dowdings?
Why was the tactic of bombing German aircraft bases, factories and fuel reserves impractical?
What caused the delay in the effort?
Why were port cities targeted by the Luftwaffe?
What happened to airfields?
Why were ports better targets?
Why was the X-Gerat frequencies used more?
Why was the OKL forced to improvise?
What happened to Peter Stahl when he fell asleep flying?
Why was Plymouth targeted the most?
What caused the most production disruption?
Why is this exemption provision often considered a nonfactor?
Why is this particular rule so controversial?
Why are there not more arrests from undercover investigations of interstate wildlife commerce?
What happened in 1976 that impacted this primate's classification as Endanger?
What causes barotrauma?
why do satellites need to fire engines every few day to keep orbit?
Why were experiments done on luminiferous aether in the 19 Century?
Why is mercury the better option for liquid used in a Hydrostatic gauge?
Why is the McLeod gauge special?
Why does a mass spectrometer need to be used with gauge to be accurate at high vacuum gas measurement?
why is a QED vacuum impossible to achieve ?
Why are the Attitude indicator and heading indicator vacuum-powered?
Why can outgassing products ruin a space mission?
Why is fluid in a manual pump pushed into the pumps cavity when a small sealed cavity is expanded?
What caused the water level in the Yellow River to increase?
What caused the end of Wang Mang's regime?
Why does the Appalachian Highland have the terrain it does?
Why did the cost of audio music increase when the production costs decreased?
What can cause sudden disc degradation?
Why does a transistor increase a signal?
Why was the term transistor used?
Why is a transistor so useful?
Why does the collector voltage drop in grounded-emitter transistor circuits?
What would happen if the voltage difference from collector and emitter were zero?
Why is the term saturation named as such?
Why were BJTs so popular?
Why is the ideal junction forward voltage lower?
What caused the transition between the middle ages and early modern times?
What caused urbanization to increase in China?
Why did the last Ming Emperor commit suicide?
What happened when the  Maratha Army lost the third battle of Panipat?
What caused the death of Emperor Auranzeb? 
What caused the Maratha Empire to split in 1761?
What happened n the battle of Plassey?
What caused the British east Indian Company rule to end?
What happened to the king after the trial?
Why were Europe's Empires and Kingdoms dispatched?
Why did the United States form independent states?
What caused technological and economical progress?
Why did Britain adopt the role of Global Policemen?
Why did European powers lay claim to areas Africa?
What happened in the Glided Age/
Why did Chinese philosophy begin to mix with western concepts?
Why did Kari Marx criticize Humanist Philosophy's? 
Why does Friedrinch Netzsche believe human rights exist?
What happened to The reformers in the Qing dynasty? 
What caused the revolution against the Qing dynasty?
What happened to China after the 20th century revolutions?
Why was there not a new era of governance in Beijing? 
Why did the Manchurian Campaign fight the Russians. 
Why did Albania fall out with Thessaly, Macedonia and Epirus?
What happened when Nicholas II was removed from power?
What happened during the red faction revolution?
What happened to construction during the Depression?
What happened to the income gap between the rich and the poor?
What caused Latin America's right-wing authorities to support coup o'etats?
Why did the Latin Americas Upper class support coup o'etats?
What would happen in the event of a yes vote in this referendum?
What caused the size of Washington, D.C. to change?
Why is Israel referred to as the 51st state?
Why did the US have troops on Okinawa?
Why is this specific antenna type used?
What causes the frequencies outside of the bandwidth to be unusable?
What happens to the power that is not absorbed by the antenna?
What can cause that reaction?
Why would a transmitter have additional adjustments?
what happens to the reflected wave which allows the antenna to reach its asympotic feedpoint impedance?
Why would this type be good for receiving but not transmtting?
Why did weeds grow with human crops?
Why did flowering plants develop numerous morphological and physiological mechanisms?
Why are a heteromorphic flower's carpels and stamens different lengths?
Why did the Board of Trustees choose to name Washing University after George Washington?
Why did Washington University delay occupying of the new campus buildings until 1905?
Why was the presidential debate canceled in 1996 at Washington University?  
Why has defining pain been a challenge?
What happens when an anesthetic injection is directed into the nerves a limb stump?
What can cause paraplegia?
What happens to children with congenital insensitivity to pain?
Why were peripheral pattern theory and gate control theory left behind?
Why was COBOL created?
What happens to blank data fields in a navigational system?
Why was dBASE successful?
Why was dBASE unique?
Why would someone attempt to unite two different databases?
What happened in the Early Ceramic period?
Why did the mail stagecoaches stop running?
Why is there a giant letter A on a Tucson mountain?
Why were the Tucson Padres temporarily in Tucson?
Why is cycling popular in Tucson?
Why does Russia have a miltary base In Gyumri?
Why did agriculture become so significant for Armenia's economy?
Why were bacteria and archaea dominant forms of life?
Why do cells of Myxobacteria migrate towards each other?
What caused the evolution of different growth strategies in bacteria?
What can cause mutation in bacteria?
Why are certain bacteria called predatory?
What happens to untreated copper that makes it difficult to solder?
What caused the resurface of the Grecian monotony in politics ?
What caused a name change according to the Chronicles of Parian ?
Why was there a low point for English football?
Why were the English clubs banned from European competition in the 1980's?
Why did some of the top teams consider leaving the Football league?
Why did Greg Dyke of London Weekend Television meet with representatives of the biggest five English football clubs in 1990?
Why did Dyke only want the larger clubs featured on national television?
Why was Kevin Keegan concerned about the league in May of 2008?
Why was there critcism of the elite clubs?
Why did John Quinton and Peter Leaver resign as chairman and chief excutive?
Why is it important to have a high Fair Play ranking?
Why did it receive this award?
Why was this a unique decision?
What happened to the Premier League's televsion rights after this decision?
What happens when European Leagues sell their televsion rights individually?
What happened to Sky's agreement in 2006.
Why did this happen?
Why has there been a several court cases against Sky and Premier League?
Why has their been distance between the Premier League and the Football League?
Why did the Home Office change it rules regardin work permits in 1999?
Why was this new rule put into effect?
Why was Rome involved in matters in the Greek east?
What caused the Romans early withdrawl in The First Samnite War?
Why did the Romans send an army to Africa?
Why was a garrison implented in Italy by the Romans?
Why did the Romans decide to withdraw their forces from Greece?
Why did Julius Caesar wish to invade Gaul?
Why did the Roman senators wish to have Caesar assassinated?
Why was the senate considered to be supreme during this time?
What caused the bankruptcy of many farmers during this era?
What happened after Sulla returned to the conflict with Mithridates?
What caused the death of Julius Caesar's female offspring?
Why did many members of the senate flee the city after Caesar's death?
What caused the Roman state to provide armaments to their army?
What would happen during the commencement of a dictator's term?
What caused the Romans to conform several educational concepts to their own system?
Why did the Chinese ultimately fail in its counter offensives?
Why was the Dutch East Indies important to Japan?
Why was denying supplies important to the western countries?
Why did Western powers stop selling resources to Japan?
Why did Japan attack America?
What happened to the Japanese fleet when nearly all oil imports were cut off?
What happened to Mutaguchi's troops?
Why did San Diego lose its pueblo status in 1838?
What happened as the population shifted to more level ground below Presidio Hill?
Why was the border between Mexico and the United States established one league south of San Diego Bay's most southern tip?
What happened two years after San Diego elected it's first mayor?
What happened in 1878 that played a role in San Diego's economic growth?
What happened to many of the structures developed for the World Fairs?
Why were the canneries ultimately closed by the early 1980s?
Why did San Diego schools close during the Cedar Fire?
Why is San Diego known as an iHub Innovation Center?
Why was Mayor Bob Filner asked to resign?
What happened to the crime rate in San Diego between 1990 and 2000?
Why was San Diego eligible for two VHF channels?
Why are older neighborhoods in San Diego popular with cyclists?
Why are average trip distances so lengthy in San Diego?
Why is depicting God forbidden in the Islamic world?
Why do some Muslims oppose allowing women to reveal more of themselves?
What happened which ended in two puppet states dissolving and Soviet withdrawal out of Iran after WWII?
What caused inflation to Iran's economy during the oil price spike in 1973?
Why did millions of youth migrate to the urban areas of Iran in the mid 1970s?
What happened to the nationalists and Marxists that had helped the Islamic ruling government to depose the Shah?
Why did Iran have to build its own military hardware, vehicles, and weapons after the 1979 Revolution?
Why is Iranian cuisine so diverse besides being influenced by other cultures?
Why is the name the British Isles disputed in Ireland?
What happened during the c. 488–444 Ma and early Silurian period?
What happened with the Devensian glaciation ended?
Why was Britain able to keep its ancient forests longer than Europe?
What happened to British Isles area when the ice melted after the last ice age?
What happened to the British Isles and Europe after the Roman Empire ended?
What happened to Britain during the 17th century?
Why did the King of England have issues with parliment in the 17th century?
What happens when both teams score the same amount of points?
What happens to the teams at the bottom of the ranks at the end of the season?
What happened when regions underwent desertification?
Why was Taylor indicted by a special court ?
Why did the Liberian economy decline after 1980?
Why was Liberia's GDP growth stalled in 2007?
Why were sanctions place on Liberian timber exports?
Why was no Nachlass left behind after Whitehead's death?
Why was there a funding shortfall for the publishing of Princpia Mathematica? 
Why was Gödels finding ironic?
What happened after Henry Nelson Wieman gave a lecture about Whitehead?
Why did he believe those concepts were inaccurate?
Why did Whitehead think people continued to subscribe to materialistic thinking?
Why did Whitehead view the existence of God as a necessity for his metaphysical system?
Why does John Cobb believe China has become interested in process philosophy?
Why do some people believe Whitehead's writings may have restricted his influence?
Why did Hartshorne feel that God must be affected by people?
Why would God being substantially affected by the world be beneficial?
Why is there difficulty in defining process theology ?
What happened when antibiotics was over used in livestock?
What happens when a doctor doesn't know the microorganism yet?
What happens in empirical therapy?
What causes diarrhea?
Why are antibiotics checked before use?
Why do physicians use antibiotics on infants when the relationship has been proven? 
What happens when a cold is treated with antibiotics?
What happens during Hybrid Boot mode?
Why was the ability to play DVD-Video taken off of Windows Media Player?
Why did Microsoft decrease the required resoultion for tablets?
Why does Windows RT only work with apps included with the system?
Why did Pierce give the Start Screen such glowing reviews?
Why did Microsoft change the tablet resolution minimum? 
Why did the Chinese government ban Windows 8 based products?
Why is the king allowed to appoint members of parliament?
What happened to Swazi exports of textiles from 2000 to 2005?
Why are Arabic translation efforts important to Western translation traditions?
Why is the translation of sung texts more restrictive?
Why is the translation of the Old Testament into Greek known as the Septuagint?
Why did airport construction boom during the 1960s?
Why did the Kievan state prosper?
Why did the attack by the Rus go so well on the coast at the start?
Why was the Republic of Novgorod doing so well while the Kievan Rus declined?
What happened to Novgorod when Kievan Rus began to decline?
Why would some SNESes be only partly yellow?
What happened to Eannatum's empire after his death?
Why were the lands in the region the Sumerian people settled fertile?
Why is the Sumerian language usually thought of as a language isolate in linguistics?
Why did the gods create human beings from clay?
Why did the Sumerian farmers make their oxen stomp the ground?
Why were the clean slate decrees useful to the rulers of Sumer?
What would happen if peasants couldn't repay their debts?
What happened on the final day of the month of love that was of significance was authorized by the Holy Roman Church leader ?
What happened to Tom at one of the 1567 that changed his title ?
Why did South Africa install an interim administration in Namibia?
Why did South Africa end occupation in Namibia?
What happened to some expressions in Pushkin's writing?
Why did the USAF plan to take a reduction-in-force?
Why was the USAF forced to ground some of its squadrons in 2013?
Why did the USAF change its training methods on UAVs in 2014?
Why are some people hesitant to use LED lighting?
Why is some energy in the electroluminescence process emitted as heat and light?
Why is efficiency sometimes lost in phosphor-based LEDs?
What can cause a large change in current in LEDs?
Why are LED lights sought after for various applications?
Why are LEDs preferred for machine vision systems?
Why was United Stated excluded from League of Nations Council?
Why does Euornithes mean "true birds?"
Why are Avian hearts larger than mammalian hearts when compared to body mass?
Why are birds' arteries composed of thick elastic muscles?
Why do birds need to perceive ultraviolet light?
Why is communal roosting common?
Why do males that engage in extra-pair copulation closely guard their mates?
Why is inbreeding avoided?
Why did Dorgon keep Beijing as his capital?
What happened when Kexi, and the two other generals all retired?
What happened to Wu's army?
What happened to the Old Summer Palace?
What happened to the Grand Secretariat?
What caused the Qing armies to lose many battles?
What happened to the Summer Palace?
What happened in early and middle Qing history?
What happened to the price of rice during the 18th century?
Why did Native Americans suffer such high mortality rates to the diseases?
Why were outbreaks of measles and smallpox able to so easily decimate the Taínos' population?
Why would ingesting untreated cassava be a bad idea?
Why did the U.S. pass the Indian Arts and Crafts Act of 1990?
Why are the languages of the indigenous peoples of Venezuela in danger of becoming extinct?
Why were pejorative terms sometimes used for the native populations?
What causes the color of hematite and red ochre?
Why does a sky turn red when the evening comes?
What causes sugar created by chlorophyll to breakdown?
What is the effect of exposing a human to red when it comes to cognitive skills?
Why did the Popes of the middle ages wear red?
Why do monarchs sometimes wear red?
Why is Egypt considered a cradle of civilisation?
Why did military use barracks?
Why were black and white pieces used in most italian mosaics?
What caused the mosaics at the villa rustica to be protected for centuries? 
Why did Galla Placidia erect the church of San Giovanni Evangelista?
Why was Christ in majesty protected from the iconoclastic destruction?
Why were mosaics destroyed in the iconoclastic era?
Why are there so few surviving mosaics from the Komnenian period?
Why did the Normans adopt a Byzantine art style?
What happened in 1893 that destroyed most of the mosaics in the mosque?
Why was adding a step i production useful for larger projects?
Why has production automation become popular?
Why did rulers and governments in Europe form universities?
What happened to public grants in nordic universities that continued to allow foreign students?
What happened to the sacrifice if the god failed to uphold the agreement?
What happened to the decree after a year?
What happened to Viacom's lawsuit in 2010?
Why did the CEO of Google think the new software was necessary? 
What happened to the sites rules in Dec. 2010?
Why did youtube want to ensure only contractees music was played?
Why was the Duke not a friend of Anglicanism?
Why was a more general "religion" used in the language of the First Amendment?
Why was the word "national" a cause for alarm to both Federalists and Anti-Federalists?
Why did Sherman believe the establishment clause was unnecessary? 
Why was the case of Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow overturned?
Why were the displays of the ten Commandments allowed?
Why was Ohio allowed to use a biblical passage as its motto?
What caused the spread of secularism?
Why does the Catholic Church not recognize the ordination of Protestant ministers?
Why is Brasilia a good place for air sports?
Why was minority leader position created?
Why was Keifer discredited/empty leader?
Why were republicans upset with Mann?
Why did many Armenians leave Armenia?
Why did Armenia make Christianity its official religion?
Why do Jehovah Witnesses reject inherent immortality of the soul, hellfire and Trinitarianism?
Why did membership decline in the late 1970s?
What happened to Satan when Jesus started his rule?
Why do Jehovah Witnesses believe the Bible condemns mixing of religions?
Why do Jehovah Witnesses forego religious holidays and birthdays or other celebrations?
What happens to members who disagree with the religion's teachings?
Why are the Jehovah's Witnesses reluctant to alert authorities to abuse?
What happened when Eisenhower was threatened with a court martial for his support for offensive tank tactics?
Why was it unlikely that Eisenhower would run for president in 1956?
Why did Congress hold up the highway bill?
Why did the Old Guard say Eisenhower should void the Yalta Agreements?
Why did nuclear arms negotiations with Russia fail prior to 1955?
What caused Eisenhower to kickstart the US space program?
What happened to Powers in the Soviet Union?
Why did Eisenhower ignore McCarthy?
What caused Eisenhower's stroke of 1957?
Why did Eisenhower need surgery on June 9, 1956?
Why did farmers build a bridge over the Harlem River?
Why did some landlords burn their own buildings?
Why has the supposed size of the 'South Bronx' grown?
Why was the Board of Estimate found unconstitutional?
Why did Stein win a Pulitzer?
What caused mortgage lenders to relax underwriting standards and approve riskier mortgages?
What happened to home equity when housing prices decreased?
What happened soon after the massive credit crunch hit?
What happened to the usage of financial innovation products in the years leading up the financial crisis?
What happened to financial assets that made them harder to value?
Why was the Kingdom of Asturias divided?
Why did e Melo demarcate the region for production of Port?
What happened to Joseph I in 1758?
Why were the Portugese Africa territories' borders formally established?
Why are some species becoming endangered in Portugal?
What caused BPN and BPP to accumulate losses?
Why was the case of BPN more serious?
Why is Lisbon a popular stopover for many foreign airlines?
Why did God want to act through Afonso?
What caused a large migration of Greek refuges in the 1450s?
Why did the functions of police grow beyond law enforcement to urban planning?
Why is transnational policing so unaccountable?
Why do police use radios?
Why did New York State ban unmarked cars for traffic cops?
Why do some cops use bicycles to patrol?
Why did Wilson rotate officers between communities?
Why do some police acts limit when police can interfere without court orders?
Why is it hard to find the origin of the word Tajik?
Why did demonstrators attack Russian soldiers in Khujand?
Why did more than half a million people flee?
Why do US troops visit Tajikistan every so often?
Why was there concerns in 2010?
Why were parties upset in the 2005 election?
What happened in the Feb 2010 election?
What caused Notre Dame to become notable in the early 20th century?
What caused many intellectual Catholics to leave europe in the 1930s?
Why can one find thousands of anthropological references to the topics?
Why are several anthropologists dismissed from their jobs, according to David H. Price?
Why was this constitutional convention held?
What happens at the national horse and cattle show?
Why does the Main Street Station only receive rail traffic from Newport News and Williamsburg?
Why is it difficult to now which chronic wounds are infected?
Why do persistent infections occur?
Why is it often not worth bothering to identify an infectious agent?
Why do cells easily stain with dyes?
Why are the presence of certain enymzes a tell tale sign of a virus?
Why is it important to cook foods well?
Why is the initial stage of Ebola not very contagious?
Why do humans most commonly hunt wildlife?
Why do humans hunt?
Why is hunting still vital in marginal climates?
What happened after Krishna was accidentally wounded by an arrow of a hunter?
Why were game animals introduced by acclimatisation societies?
Why did the population of pigs and rabbits explode in New Zealand?
Why did the regals recruit low-ranking local tribes when hunting?
Why were low-ranking local tribes recruited?
What happens to the body of the wild animal killed?
Why were foxes originally hunted?
Why are assistants used?
Why is the use of rifles often banned?
Why are specific seasons for bow hunting established?
Why are the use of rifles banned?
What happens if a population exceeds the carrying capacity of their habitat?
What happened to the rest of the animal?
Why is trophy hunting important to conservation in Africa?
Why did sport hunters find the Arabian oryx to be a worthwhile quarry to hunt?
Why were the bison killed?
Why has Botswana been forced to ban trophy hunting altogether?
Why is travel in Kathmandu mainly via automobile or aircraft?