Streams often start in the mountains, where the land is very steep. An example can be seen in Figure 10.4. A mountain stream flows very quickly because of the steep slope. This causes a lot of erosion and very few deposits. The rapid drop of the hollow water into the stream bed and makes it deeper. It sculpts a narrow, V-shaped channel.[SEP] The steep slope
Streams often start in the mountains, where the land is very steep. An example can be seen in Figure 10.4. A mountain stream flows very quickly because of the steep slope. This causes a lot of erosion and very few deposits. The rapid drop of the hollow water into the stream bed and makes it deeper. It sculpts a narrow, V-shaped channel.[SEP] A mountain stream flows very quickly
Rivers flowing on gentle slopes erode the sides of their channels more than the bottom. Large curves, called meanders, are formed due to erosion and deposition by moving water. Curves are called meanders because they wander slowly on earth. You can see how this happens in Figure 10.6. As the meanders erode from one side to the other, they create a floodplain. This is a large flat area on both sides of a river. Finally, a meander can be cut off from the rest of the river. This lake forms a lake of shingles, as in Figure 10.6.[SEP] Erosion and water deposition in motion
Rivers flowing on gentle slopes erode the sides of their channels more than the bottom. Large curves, called meanders, are formed due to erosion and deposition by moving water. Curves are called meanders because they wander slowly on earth. You can see how this happens in Figure 10.6. As the meanders erode from one side to the other, they create a floodplain. This is a large flat area on both sides of a river. Finally, a meander can be cut off from the rest of the river. This lake forms a lake of shingles, as in Figure 10.6.[SEP] Large curves, called meanders, shape
Flooding occurs when a river overflows from its shores. It could happen because of the heavy rains. Flood Plains When the water extends over the earth, it slows down and drops its sediments. If a river often floods, the floodplain develops a thick layer of rich soil due to all deposits. This is why floodplains are generally good places for growing plants. For example, the Nile in Egypt provides both water and thick sediment to raise crops in the midst of a sandy desert. Natural Surveys A floody river often forms natural dikes along its banks. A dike is a high sediment band deposited near the edge of the water. You can see how the dikes form in Figure 10.8. Sampling occurs because floodwater deposits its largest sediment first when it overflows the river banks.[SEP] Heavy rains
Flooding occurs when a river overflows from its shores. It could happen because of the heavy rains. Flood Plains When the water extends over the earth, it slows down and drops its sediments. If a river often floods, the floodplain develops a thick layer of rich soil due to all deposits. This is why floodplains are generally good places for growing plants. For example, the Nile in Egypt provides both water and thick sediment to raise crops in the midst of a sandy desert. Natural Surveys A floody river often forms natural dikes along its banks. A dike is a high sediment band deposited near the edge of the water. You can see how the dikes form in Figure 10.8. Sampling occurs because floodwater deposits its largest sediment first when it overflows the river banks.[SEP] It could happen.
Coastal areas have a milder climate than inland areas. They are warmer in winter and cooler in summer. This is because the earth near an ocean is influenced by the temperature of the oceans. The temperature of ocean water is moderate and stable. Why? There are two main reasons: 1. The water is much slower to warm and cool than the earth. As a result, the oceans never become warmer or colder than the earth. 2. Water flows through all the world's oceans. The hot water of the equator mixes with the cold water of the poles. The mixture of hot and cold water makes the water temperature moderate. Even indoor temperatures are milder because of the oceans. Without the oceans, there would be much greater temperature oscillations throughout the Earth. Temperatures could plunge hundreds of degrees under freezing in winter. In summer, lakes and seas can boil! Life as we know it could not exist on Earth without the oceans.[SEP] Ocean
Coastal areas have a milder climate than inland areas. They are warmer in winter and cooler in summer. This is because the earth near an ocean is influenced by the temperature of the oceans. The temperature of ocean water is moderate and stable. Why? There are two main reasons: 1. The water is much slower to warm and cool than the earth. As a result, the oceans never become warmer or colder than the earth. 2. Water flows through all the world's oceans. The hot water of the equator mixes with the cold water of the poles. The mixture of hot and cold water makes the water temperature moderate. Even indoor temperatures are milder because of the oceans. Without the oceans, there would be much greater temperature oscillations throughout the Earth. Temperatures could plunge hundreds of degrees under freezing in winter. In summer, lakes and seas can boil! Life as we know it could not exist on Earth without the oceans.[SEP] Even indoor temperatures are softer
Winds and surface currents tend to move from the warm north or south equator to much colder poles. It's because of the temperature differences of the air masses on the Earth's surface. But the Earth turns on its axis under the wind and water as they move. The Earth turns from west to east. As a result, winds and currents eventually move north-east or south-east. This rotational effect of the Earth on the direction of winds and currents is called the Coriolis effect.[SEP] Temperature differences of air masses on the Earth's surface
Winds and surface currents tend to move from the warm north or south equator to much colder poles. It's because of the temperature differences of the air masses on the Earth's surface. But the Earth turns on its axis under the wind and water as they move. The Earth turns from west to east. As a result, winds and currents eventually move north-east or south-east. This rotational effect of the Earth on the direction of winds and currents is called the Coriolis effect.[SEP] What is it?
A place can have a different climate than the one around it. It's called a microclimate. See figure 17.15. The south side of the hill receives more direct light than the north side of a hill. This gives the south side a warmer microclimate. A microclimate can be caused by a deeper location. Since the cold air flows, a depression in the earth can be much colder than the earth around.[SEP] A deeper place
A place can have a different climate than the one around it. It's called a microclimate. See figure 17.15. The south side of the hill receives more direct light than the north side of a hill. This gives the south side a warmer microclimate. A microclimate can be caused by a deeper location. Since the cold air flows, a depression in the earth can be much colder than the earth around.[SEP] A microclimate may be
Carbon is an element. In itself, it's a solid black. You can see a piece of carbon in Figure 18.10. Carbon is incredibly important because of what it does when it combines with many other elements. Carbon can form a wide variety of substances. For example, in air, carbon combines with oxygen to form carbon dioxide gas. In living things, carbon combines with several other elements. For example, it can be combined with nitrogen and[SEP] What it does when it combines with many other elements
Carbon is an element. In itself, it's a solid black. You can see a piece of carbon in Figure 18.10. Carbon is incredibly important because of what it does when it combines with many other elements. Carbon can form a wide variety of substances. For example, in air, carbon combines with oxygen to form carbon dioxide gas. In living things, carbon combines with several other elements. For example, it can be combined with nitrogen and[SEP] Carbon is incredibly important
More recently, the mortality rate has declined due to the availability of more food and medical advances: A green revolution began in the mid 1900s. New methods and products have increased the amount of food that can be grown. For example, chemicals have been developed that kill weeds without damaging crops. Pesticides were developed to kill pests that destroyed crops. Vaccines have been developed to prevent many diseases (see figure 18.19). Antibiotics were dissolved and could cure most infections caused by bacteria. Together, these two advances have saved countless lives. Today, in many countries, the mortality rate has declined, but the birth rate remains high. This means that the population is growing. Figure 18.20 shows the growth rates of human populations worldwide.[SEP] The availability of more food and medical advances: A green revolution began in the mid 1900s
More recently, the mortality rate has declined due to the availability of more food and medical advances: A green revolution began in the mid 1900s. New methods and products have increased the amount of food that can be grown. For example, chemicals have been developed that kill weeds without damaging crops. Pesticides were developed to kill pests that destroyed crops. Vaccines have been developed to prevent many diseases (see figure 18.19). Antibiotics were dissolved and could cure most infections caused by bacteria. Together, these two advances have saved countless lives. Today, in many countries, the mortality rate has declined, but the birth rate remains high. This means that the population is growing. Figure 18.20 shows the growth rates of human populations worldwide.[SEP] More recently, the mortality rate has fallen
The Montreal Protocol is a global agreement on air pollution. He's focused on CFCs. It was signed by many countries in 1987. It controls nearly 100 chemicals that can damage the ozone layer. Its objective is to bring the ozone layer back to its normal state. The Montreal Protocol has effectively controlled CFCs. In 1995, few CFCs were still in use. But the ozone hole continued to grow for several years after this because of CFCs already present in the atmosphere. It peaked in 2006. Since then, she's been a little smaller.[SEP] CFCs already present in the atmosphere
The Montreal Protocol is a global agreement on air pollution. He's focused on CFCs. It was signed by many countries in 1987. It controls nearly 100 chemicals that can damage the ozone layer. Its objective is to bring the ozone layer back to its normal state. The Montreal Protocol has effectively controlled CFCs. In 1995, few CFCs were still in use. But the ozone hole continued to grow for several years after this because of CFCs already present in the atmosphere. It peaked in 2006. Since then, she's been a little smaller.[SEP] But the ozone hole continued to grow for several years after
Why do satellites remain in orbit? Why don't they crash on Earth because of the gravity of the planets? Newtons' law of universal gravity describes what is happening. Every object in the universe is attracted to any other object. Gravity causes an apple to fall on the ground. Gravity also prevents you from floating in the sky. Gravity keeps the Moon in orbit around the Earth. It keeps the Earth in orbit around the Sun. Newton used an example to explain how gravity makes orbit possible. Imagine a cannon ball thrown from a high mountain, as shown in Figure 23.17. If the cannon balloon is launched at a slow speed, it will fall back on Earth. These are roads (A) and (B). Something different happens if the cannon ball is thrown at a fast speed. The Earth below is curving at the same pace as the cannon ball. The cannon ball then enters a circular orbit, as in the path (C). If the cannon balloon is launched even faster, it could enter an elliptical orbit (D). It could even leave the gravity of the Earths and go into space (E). Unfortunately, Newtons' idea would not work in real life. A gunball launched at a rapid speed from Mount Everest would not go into orbit. The cannon ball would burn in the atmosphere. However, a rocket can take off straight ahead and then head towards the orbit. He won't burn in the orbit. A rocket can transport a satellite over the atmosphere, then release the satellite in orbit.[SEP] The gravity of planets
Why do satellites remain in orbit? Why don't they crash on Earth because of the gravity of the planets? Newtons' law of universal gravity describes what is happening. Every object in the universe is attracted to any other object. Gravity causes an apple to fall on the ground. Gravity also prevents you from floating in the sky. Gravity keeps the Moon in orbit around the Earth. It keeps the Earth in orbit around the Sun. Newton used an example to explain how gravity makes orbit possible. Imagine a cannon ball thrown from a high mountain, as shown in Figure 23.17. If the cannon balloon is launched at a slow speed, it will fall back on Earth. These are roads (A) and (B). Something different happens if the cannon ball is thrown at a fast speed. The Earth below is curving at the same pace as the cannon ball. The cannon ball then enters a circular orbit, as in the path (C). If the cannon balloon is launched even faster, it could enter an elliptical orbit (D). It could even leave the gravity of the Earths and go into space (E). Unfortunately, Newtons' idea would not work in real life. A gunball launched at a rapid speed from Mount Everest would not go into orbit. The cannon ball would burn in the atmosphere. However, a rocket can take off straight ahead and then head towards the orbit. He won't burn in the orbit. A rocket can transport a satellite over the atmosphere, then release the satellite in orbit.[SEP] Why don't they crash on Earth?
The USSR launched Sputnik 1 on 4 October 1957. It was the first artificial satellite ever put into orbit. Sputnik 1, shown in figure 23.20, sent radio signals, which have been detected by scientists and amateur radio operators worldwide. The satellite remained in orbit for about 3 months, until it burned due to friction with the Earth's atmosphere. The launch of Sputnik 1 began the space race between the USSR and the United States. The Americans were shocked that the Soviets had the technology to put the satellite in orbit. They feared that the Soviets would win the arms race as well. On November 3, 1957, the Soviets launched Sputnik 2. This satellite was carrying the first living creature in orbit, a dog named Laika.[SEP] A friction with the Earth's atmosphere
The USSR launched Sputnik 1 on 4 October 1957. It was the first artificial satellite ever put into orbit. Sputnik 1, shown in figure 23.20, sent radio signals, which have been detected by scientists and amateur radio operators worldwide. The satellite remained in orbit for about 3 months, until it burned due to friction with the Earth's atmosphere. The launch of Sputnik 1 began the space race between the USSR and the United States. The Americans were shocked that the Soviets had the technology to put the satellite in orbit. They feared that the Soviets would win the arms race as well. On November 3, 1957, the Soviets launched Sputnik 2. This satellite was carrying the first living creature in orbit, a dog named Laika.[SEP] The satellite remained in orbit for about 3 months, until it burned.
Since the early 1990s astronomers have discovered other solar systems. A solar system has one or more planets orbiting one or more stars. We call these planets extrasolar planets, or exoplanets. They are called exoplanets because they orbit a star other than the Sun. By June 2013, 891 exoplanets had been found. Other exoplanets are found all the time. You can see how much we found at http://planetquest.jpl.nasa.gov/. We were able to take pictures of only a few exoplanets. Most of them are discovered because of some control signs. A sign is a very light movement of a star that must be caused by the traction of a planet. Another sign is the partial decrease of a star light as the planet passes in front of it.[SEP] Some Control Signs
Since the early 1990s astronomers have discovered other solar systems. A solar system has one or more planets orbiting one or more stars. We call these planets extrasolar planets, or exoplanets. They are called exoplanets because they orbit a star other than the Sun. By June 2013, 891 exoplanets had been found. Other exoplanets are found all the time. You can see how much we found at http://planetquest.jpl.nasa.gov/. We were able to take pictures of only a few exoplanets. Most of them are discovered because of some control signs. A sign is a very light movement of a star that must be caused by the traction of a planet. Another sign is the partial decrease of a star light as the planet passes in front of it.[SEP] Most are discovered
From Earth, Mars is red. This is due to large amounts of iron in the soil. The ancient Greeks and Romans named the planet Mars after the god of war. The red color of the planets reminded them of their blood. Mars has only a very thin atmosphere, composed mainly of carbon dioxide.[SEP] Large quantities of iron in the soil
From Earth, Mars is red. This is due to large amounts of iron in the soil. The ancient Greeks and Romans named the planet Mars after the god of war. The red color of the planets reminded them of their blood. Mars has only a very thin atmosphere, composed mainly of carbon dioxide.[SEP] That's right.
Uranus looks a lot like Jupiter and Saturn. The planet is composed mainly of hydrogen and helium. There's a thick layer of gas outside. Further inside is liquid. But Uranus has a higher percentage of ice material than Jupiter and Saturn. These materials include water, ammonia and methane. Uranus is also different due to its blue-green color. Methane clouds filter out the red light. It leaves a blue-green color. The atmosphere of Uranus has bands of clouds. These clouds are hard to see in normal light. The result is that the planet looks like a blue ball. Uranus is the least massive outer planet. Its mass is only 14 times the mass of the Earth. Like all outer planets, Uranus is much less dense than Earth. Gravity is actually lower than on the Earth's surface. If you were at the top of the clouds on Uranus, you would weigh about 10% less than what you weigh on Earth.[SEP] Their blue-green color
Uranus looks a lot like Jupiter and Saturn. The planet is composed mainly of hydrogen and helium. There's a thick layer of gas outside. Further inside is liquid. But Uranus has a higher percentage of ice material than Jupiter and Saturn. These materials include water, ammonia and methane. Uranus is also different due to its blue-green color. Methane clouds filter out the red light. It leaves a blue-green color. The atmosphere of Uranus has bands of clouds. These clouds are hard to see in normal light. The result is that the planet looks like a blue ball. Uranus is the least massive outer planet. Its mass is only 14 times the mass of the Earth. Like all outer planets, Uranus is much less dense than Earth. Gravity is actually lower than on the Earth's surface. If you were at the top of the clouds on Uranus, you would weigh about 10% less than what you weigh on Earth.[SEP] Uranus is also different
Like Uranus, Neptune is blue. The blue colour is caused by the gases present in its atmosphere, including methane. Neptune is not a smooth ball like Uranus. The planet has some darker and lighter spots. When Voyager 2 visited Neptune in 1986, there was a large dark blue spot south of the equator. This place was called the big black spot. When the Hubble space telescope photographed Neptune in 1994, the Great Black Spot had disappeared. Another black spot appeared north of the equator. Astronomers believe that these two spots represent gaps in Neptune's methane clouds. The appearance of Neptunes changes due to its turbulent atmosphere. Winds are stronger than any other planet in the solar system. Wind speed can reach 1,100 km/h (700 mph). It's close to the speed of sound! The rapid winds surprised astronomers. This is because Neptune receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems. It is not surprising that Neptune is one of the coldest places in the solar system. The temperatures at the top of the clouds are about 218C (360F).[SEP] Its turbulent atmosphere
Like Uranus, Neptune is blue. The blue colour is caused by the gases present in its atmosphere, including methane. Neptune is not a smooth ball like Uranus. The planet has some darker and lighter spots. When Voyager 2 visited Neptune in 1986, there was a large dark blue spot south of the equator. This place was called the big black spot. When the Hubble space telescope photographed Neptune in 1994, the Great Black Spot had disappeared. Another black spot appeared north of the equator. Astronomers believe that these two spots represent gaps in Neptune's methane clouds. The appearance of Neptunes changes due to its turbulent atmosphere. Winds are stronger than any other planet in the solar system. Wind speed can reach 1,100 km/h (700 mph). It's close to the speed of sound! The rapid winds surprised astronomers. This is because Neptune receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems. It is not surprising that Neptune is one of the coldest places in the solar system. The temperatures at the top of the clouds are about 218C (360F).[SEP] The appearance of Neptunes changes
Asteroids are very small, irregularly shaped, rocky bodies. Asteroids orbit the Sun, but they are more like giant rocks than planets. Because they're small, they don't have enough gravity to become round. They're too small to have an atmosphere. Without internal heat, they are not geologically active. An asteroid can only change due to a collision. A collision can cause the asteroid to rupture. It can create craters on the surface of asteroids. An asteroid can strike a planet if it comes close enough to be fired by its gravity. Figure 25.31 shows a typical asteroid.[SEP] A collision
Asteroids are very small, irregularly shaped, rocky bodies. Asteroids orbit the Sun, but they are more like giant rocks than planets. Because they're small, they don't have enough gravity to become round. They're too small to have an atmosphere. Without internal heat, they are not geologically active. An asteroid can only change due to a collision. A collision can cause the asteroid to rupture. It can create craters on the surface of asteroids. An asteroid can strike a planet if it comes close enough to be fired by its gravity. Figure 25.31 shows a typical asteroid.[SEP] An asteroid can only change
The stars shine because of nuclear fusion. The fusion reactions in the Sun's core keep our closest star on fire. The stars are mainly made of hydrogen and helium. Both are very light gases. A star contains so much hydrogen and helium that the weight of these gases is enormous. The pressure in the centre of a star is large enough to heat the gas. This causes nuclear fusion reactions. A nuclear fusion reaction is called this because the nuclei (centre) of two atoms merge (join) together. In stars like our Sun, two hydrogen atoms unite to create a helium atom. Nuclear fusion reactions need a lot of energy to start. Once they start, they produce even more energy.[SEP] Nuclear fusion
The stars shine because of nuclear fusion. The fusion reactions in the Sun's core keep our closest star on fire. The stars are mainly made of hydrogen and helium. Both are very light gases. A star contains so much hydrogen and helium that the weight of these gases is enormous. The pressure in the centre of a star is large enough to heat the gas. This causes nuclear fusion reactions. A nuclear fusion reaction is called this because the nuclei (centre) of two atoms merge (join) together. In stars like our Sun, two hydrogen atoms unite to create a helium atom. Nuclear fusion reactions need a lot of energy to start. Once they start, they produce even more energy.[SEP] The stars are shining
The most common way to classify stars is by colour, as shown in Table 26.1. Each star class receives a letter, colour and temperature range. The letters do not match the color names because the stars were first grouped as A to O. It was not until later that their order was corrected to go by the increasing temperature. When you try to remember the order, you can use this sentence: Oh be a good boy, man. Class O Colour Blue Temperature range 30,000 K or more Sample Star A performance by artists of the star of the O Zeta Pup- pis class. B Blue-white 10 00030 000 K A representation of artists from Rigel, a class B star. Class A Colour White Temperature range 7 50010 000 K Sample Star Sirius A is the brightest star we see in the night sky. The point to the right, Sirius B, is a white dwarf. There are two F-class stars in this image, the super giant Polaris A and Po- laris B. What we see in the night sky as the only Polaris star, we also known as the North Star. G Yellow 5.56,000 K Our Sun: the most important class G star in the Universe, at least for the hu-mans. Class K M Color Orange Red Temperature range 3 500 000 K 2000 3,500 K Sample Star Arcturus is a class K star that looks like the Sun but is much larger. There are two types of M-class stars: red dwarfs and red giants. A concept of a red dwarf star artist. Most stars are red dwarfs. The red supergiant Betel-geuse is seen near the Orion belt. The blue star at the bottom right is the class B star Rigel. The surface temperature of most stars is due to its size. Larger stars produce more energy, so their surfaces are warmer. But some very small stars are very hot. Some very big stars are cool.[SEP] Size
The most common way to classify stars is by colour, as shown in Table 26.1. Each star class receives a letter, colour and temperature range. The letters do not match the color names because the stars were first grouped as A to O. It was not until later that their order was corrected to go by the increasing temperature. When you try to remember the order, you can use this sentence: Oh be a good boy, man. Class O Colour Blue Temperature range 30,000 K or more Sample Star A performance by artists of the star of the O Zeta Pup- pis class. B Blue-white 10 00030 000 K A representation of artists from Rigel, a class B star. Class A Colour White Temperature range 7 50010 000 K Sample Star Sirius A is the brightest star we see in the night sky. The point to the right, Sirius B, is a white dwarf. There are two F-class stars in this image, the super giant Polaris A and Po- laris B. What we see in the night sky as the only Polaris star, we also known as the North Star. G Yellow 5.56,000 K Our Sun: the most important class G star in the Universe, at least for the hu-mans. Class K M Color Orange Red Temperature range 3 500 000 K 2000 3,500 K Sample Star Arcturus is a class K star that looks like the Sun but is much larger. There are two types of M-class stars: red dwarfs and red giants. A concept of a red dwarf star artist. Most stars are red dwarfs. The red supergiant Betel-geuse is seen near the Orion belt. The blue star at the bottom right is the class B star Rigel. The surface temperature of most stars is due to its size. Larger stars produce more energy, so their surfaces are warmer. But some very small stars are very hot. Some very big stars are cool.[SEP] The surface temperature of most stars is
Any type of rock can change and become a new type of rock. Magma can cool and crystallize. Existing rocks can be eroded and eroded to form sediments. Rock can change by heat or deep pressure in the earth's crust. There are three main processes that can change the rock: cool and form crystals. Inside the Earth, temperatures can become warm enough to melt the rock. This molten material is called magma. As it cools, the crystals grow, forming an igneous rock. Crystals will grow if the magma cools slowly, as if it remains deep in the Earth. If the magma cools quickly, the crystals will be very small. Alteration and erosion. Water, wind, ice, and even plants and animals all act to use rocks. Over time, they can break larger rocks into small pieces called sediments. The movements of water, wind and glaciers then carry these parts from place to place. The sediments are finally dropped, or deposited, somewhere. The sediments can then be compacted and cemented together. This forms a sedimentary rock. This process can take hundreds or thousands of years. Metamorphism. This long word means changing shape. A rock undergoes metamorphism if it is exposed to extreme heat and pressure in the crust. With metamorphism, the rock does not melt all the way. Rock changes due to heat and pressure. A metamorphic rock may have a new mineral composition and/or texture. An interactive diagram of the rock cycle can be found here: The rock cycle really has no beginning or end. It's going on. The processes involved in the rock cycle take place over hundreds, thousands, or even millions of years. Even if for us the rocks are solid and immutable, they change slowly all the time.[SEP] Heat and pressure
Any type of rock can change and become a new type of rock. Magma can cool and crystallize. Existing rocks can be eroded and eroded to form sediments. Rock can change by heat or deep pressure in the earth's crust. There are three main processes that can change the rock: cool and form crystals. Inside the Earth, temperatures can become warm enough to melt the rock. This molten material is called magma. As it cools, the crystals grow, forming an igneous rock. Crystals will grow if the magma cools slowly, as if it remains deep in the Earth. If the magma cools quickly, the crystals will be very small. Alteration and erosion. Water, wind, ice, and even plants and animals all act to use rocks. Over time, they can break larger rocks into small pieces called sediments. The movements of water, wind and glaciers then carry these parts from place to place. The sediments are finally dropped, or deposited, somewhere. The sediments can then be compacted and cemented together. This forms a sedimentary rock. This process can take hundreds or thousands of years. Metamorphism. This long word means changing shape. A rock undergoes metamorphism if it is exposed to extreme heat and pressure in the crust. With metamorphism, the rock does not melt all the way. Rock changes due to heat and pressure. A metamorphic rock may have a new mineral composition and/or texture. An interactive diagram of the rock cycle can be found here: The rock cycle really has no beginning or end. It's going on. The processes involved in the rock cycle take place over hundreds, thousands, or even millions of years. Even if for us the rocks are solid and immutable, they change slowly all the time.[SEP] Rock changes
The ions come together to create a molecule so that the electrical charges are balanced; the positive charges balance the negative charges and the molecule has no electric charge. To balance the electrical charge, an atom can share its electron with another atom, give it or receive an electron from another atom. The assembly of ions to make molecules is called chemical bond. There are three main types of chemical bonds that are important in our discussion of minerals and rocks: Ion bonding: Electrons are transferred between atoms. One ion will give one or more electrons to another ion. Table salt, sodium chloride (NaCl), is a common example of an ionic compound. Note that sodium is on the left side of the periodic table and chlorine is on the right side of the periodic table. In Figure 1.2, a lithium atom donates an electron to a fluorine atom to form an ionic compound. The electron transfer gives the lithium ion a net charge of +1, and the fluorine ion a net charge of -1. These ions bind because they experience an attractive force because of the difference in the sign of their charges. A covalent bond: In a covalent bond, an atom shares one or more electrons with another atom. Periodic table of elements. Lithium (left) and fluorine (right) form an ionic compound called lithium fluoride. In the methane (CH4) image below (Figure 1.3), the carbon ion (with a net charge of +4) shares a single electron of each of the four hydrogens. Covalent binding is widespread in organic compounds. In fact, your body is held together by the electrons shared by carbons and hydrogens! Covalent bonds are also very strong, which means that it takes a lot of energy to separate them. Hydrogen bond: These weak intermolecular bonds form when the positive side of a polar molecule is attracted to the negative side of another polar molecule. Water is a classic example of a polar molecule because it has a slightly positive side, and a slightly negative side. In fact, this property is the reason why water is so good at dissolving things. The positive side of the molecule is attracted to methane when four hydrogens and one carbon bind covalently. The negative ions and the negative side are attracted by the positive ions.[SEP] The difference in sign of their charges
The ions come together to create a molecule so that the electrical charges are balanced; the positive charges balance the negative charges and the molecule has no electric charge. To balance the electrical charge, an atom can share its electron with another atom, give it or receive an electron from another atom. The assembly of ions to make molecules is called chemical bond. There are three main types of chemical bonds that are important in our discussion of minerals and rocks: Ion bonding: Electrons are transferred between atoms. One ion will give one or more electrons to another ion. Table salt, sodium chloride (NaCl), is a common example of an ionic compound. Note that sodium is on the left side of the periodic table and chlorine is on the right side of the periodic table. In Figure 1.2, a lithium atom donates an electron to a fluorine atom to form an ionic compound. The electron transfer gives the lithium ion a net charge of +1, and the fluorine ion a net charge of -1. These ions bind because they experience an attractive force because of the difference in the sign of their charges. A covalent bond: In a covalent bond, an atom shares one or more electrons with another atom. Periodic table of elements. Lithium (left) and fluorine (right) form an ionic compound called lithium fluoride. In the methane (CH4) image below (Figure 1.3), the carbon ion (with a net charge of +4) shares a single electron of each of the four hydrogens. Covalent binding is widespread in organic compounds. In fact, your body is held together by the electrons shared by carbons and hydrogens! Covalent bonds are also very strong, which means that it takes a lot of energy to separate them. Hydrogen bond: These weak intermolecular bonds form when the positive side of a polar molecule is attracted to the negative side of another polar molecule. Water is a classic example of a polar molecule because it has a slightly positive side, and a slightly negative side. In fact, this property is the reason why water is so good at dissolving things. The positive side of the molecule is attracted to methane when four hydrogens and one carbon bind covalently. The negative ions and the negative side are attracted by the positive ions.[SEP] These ions bind because they experience an attractive force
Continental climates are found in most of the interior of North America from about 40 N to 70 N. Temperature: The average temperature of the warmest month is greater than 10 C (50 F) and the coldest month is less than -3 C (27 F). Precipitation: Winters are cold and stormy (look at the latitude of this area and see if you can understand why). Snowfall is frequent and snow remains on the ground for long periods of time. Trees grow in continental climates, even if the winters are extremely cold, because the average annual temperature is quite light. Continental climates are not found in the southern hemisphere because of the lack of a continent large enough to produce this effect.[SEP] The absence of a continent large enough to generate this effect
Continental climates are found in most of the interior of North America from about 40 N to 70 N. Temperature: The average temperature of the warmest month is greater than 10 C (50 F) and the coldest month is less than -3 C (27 F). Precipitation: Winters are cold and stormy (look at the latitude of this area and see if you can understand why). Snowfall is frequent and snow remains on the ground for long periods of time. Trees grow in continental climates, even if the winters are extremely cold, because the average annual temperature is quite light. Continental climates are not found in the southern hemisphere because of the lack of a continent large enough to produce this effect.[SEP] Continental climates are not in the southern hemisphere
Most of the pollution in the oceans comes from land runoff and comes from agricultural, industrial and municipal waste (Figure 1.1). The remaining 20% of water pollution enters the ocean directly as a result of oil spills, and people dump waste directly into the water. Ships at sea empty their waste directly into the ocean, for example. Coastal pollution can make coastal waters dangerous to humans and wildlife. After the rains, there may be enough runoff pollution that beaches must be closed to prevent the spread of pollutant diseases. A surprising number of beaches are closed due to potential health risks each year. Much of the fish we rely on for food live in coastal wetlands or lay their eggs there. Coastal runoff of agricultural waste often carries water-borne organisms that cause damage that kill fish. As humans come to some parts of the world, the pollution of the oceans is too obvious. Contact with polluted water and affected fish may also present harmful symptoms. More than a third of the United States' shellfish waters are affected by coastal pollution.[SEP] Potential health risks each year
Most of the pollution in the oceans comes from land runoff and comes from agricultural, industrial and municipal waste (Figure 1.1). The remaining 20% of water pollution enters the ocean directly as a result of oil spills, and people dump waste directly into the water. Ships at sea empty their waste directly into the ocean, for example. Coastal pollution can make coastal waters dangerous to humans and wildlife. After the rains, there may be enough runoff pollution that beaches must be closed to prevent the spread of pollutant diseases. A surprising number of beaches are closed due to potential health risks each year. Much of the fish we rely on for food live in coastal wetlands or lay their eggs there. Coastal runoff of agricultural waste often carries water-borne organisms that cause damage that kill fish. As humans come to some parts of the world, the pollution of the oceans is too obvious. Contact with polluted water and affected fish may also present harmful symptoms. More than a third of the United States' shellfish waters are affected by coastal pollution.[SEP] A surprising number of beaches are closed
Thermohaline circulation leads to deep ocean circulation. Thermo means heat and haline refers to salinity. Differences in temperature and salinity affect the density of seawater. The thermohaline circulation is therefore the result of differences in density in water masses due to their different temperature and salinity. What is the temperature and salinity of the very dense water? A lower temperature and a higher salinity give the densest water. When a volume of water is cooled, the molecules move less vigorously, so the same number of molecules takes less space and the water is denser. If salt is added to a volume of water, there are more molecules in the same volume, so the water is denser.[SEP] Different temperature and salinity
Thermohaline circulation leads to deep ocean circulation. Thermo means heat and haline refers to salinity. Differences in temperature and salinity affect the density of seawater. The thermohaline circulation is therefore the result of differences in density in water masses due to their different temperature and salinity. What is the temperature and salinity of the very dense water? A lower temperature and a higher salinity give the densest water. When a volume of water is cooled, the molecules move less vigorously, so the same number of molecules takes less space and the water is denser. If salt is added to a volume of water, there are more molecules in the same volume, so the water is denser.[SEP] The thermohaline circulation is therefore the result of differences in density in the water masses.
The increase in atmospheric CO2 is due to an increase in the amount of fossil fuels burned. Usually, testing a hypothesis requires observations or experiments. In this case, we will examine the scientific literature to see if we can support or refute any of these assumptions or both. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Increasing the amount of fossil fuels burned
The increase in atmospheric CO2 is due to an increase in the amount of fossil fuels burned. Usually, testing a hypothesis requires observations or experiments. In this case, we will examine the scientific literature to see if we can support or refute any of these assumptions or both. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] The increase in atmospheric CO2 is
Distances from stars that are relatively close to us can be measured using the parallax. Parallax is an apparent change in position that occurs when the observer's position changes. To see an example of parallax, try holding your finger close to a foot (30 cm) in front of your eyes. Now, while focusing on your finger, close one eye and then the other. Alternate the back and forth between the eyes, and pay attention to how your finger seems to move. Moving your finger in position is an example of parallax. Now try to move your finger closer to your eyes, and repeat the experience. Do you notice any difference? The closer your finger is to your eyes, the more the position changes because of the parallax. As shown in Figure 1.1, astronomers use this same principle to measure distance from stars. Instead of a finger, they focus on a star, and instead of tipping between the eyes, they change between the greatest possible differences in the observation position. To do this, an astronomer first looks at the star in a position and notes where the star is relative to more distant stars. Where will the astronomer go to make an observation as far away as possible from the first observation? In six months, after the Earth has moved from one side of its orbit around the Sun to the other, the astronomer looks back at the star. This time parallax causes the star to appear in a different position from the more distant stars. Of the size of this shift, astronomers can calculate the distance to the star.[SEP] Parallax
Distances from stars that are relatively close to us can be measured using the parallax. Parallax is an apparent change in position that occurs when the observer's position changes. To see an example of parallax, try holding your finger close to a foot (30 cm) in front of your eyes. Now, while focusing on your finger, close one eye and then the other. Alternate the back and forth between the eyes, and pay attention to how your finger seems to move. Moving your finger in position is an example of parallax. Now try to move your finger closer to your eyes, and repeat the experience. Do you notice any difference? The closer your finger is to your eyes, the more the position changes because of the parallax. As shown in Figure 1.1, astronomers use this same principle to measure distance from stars. Instead of a finger, they focus on a star, and instead of tipping between the eyes, they change between the greatest possible differences in the observation position. To do this, an astronomer first looks at the star in a position and notes where the star is relative to more distant stars. Where will the astronomer go to make an observation as far away as possible from the first observation? In six months, after the Earth has moved from one side of its orbit around the Sun to the other, the astronomer looks back at the star. This time parallax causes the star to appear in a different position from the more distant stars. Of the size of this shift, astronomers can calculate the distance to the star.[SEP] The closer your finger is to your eyes, the more the position changes
In the centre of the planets is a dense metal core. Scientists know that the core is metal because: 1. The density of the Earth's surface layers is much lower than the overall density of the planet, calculated from the rotation of the planets. If the surface layers are less dense than the average, the interior must be denser than the average. Calculations indicate that the core is about 85% iron metal with nickel metal constituting a large portion of the remaining 15%. 2. Metal meteorites are thought to be representative of the nucleus. The calculation of nickel at 85% iron/15 % above is also observed in metal meteorites (Figure 1.1). If the Earth's nucleus were not metallic, the planet would have no magnetic field. Metals such as iron are magnetic, but rock, which composes the coat and crust, is not. Scientists know that the outer nucleus is liquid and that the inner nucleus is solid because: 1. The S waves do not cross the outer core. 2. The strong magnetic field is caused by convection in the liquid outer core. The convection currents in the outer core are due to the heat of the inner core even warmer. The heat that prevents the outer nucleus from solidifying is produced by the degradation of the radioactive elements in the inner nucleus. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Heat from the warmer inner heart
In the centre of the planets is a dense metal core. Scientists know that the core is metal because: 1. The density of the Earth's surface layers is much lower than the overall density of the planet, calculated from the rotation of the planets. If the surface layers are less dense than the average, the interior must be denser than the average. Calculations indicate that the core is about 85% iron metal with nickel metal constituting a large portion of the remaining 15%. 2. Metal meteorites are thought to be representative of the nucleus. The calculation of nickel at 85% iron/15 % above is also observed in metal meteorites (Figure 1.1). If the Earth's nucleus were not metallic, the planet would have no magnetic field. Metals such as iron are magnetic, but rock, which composes the coat and crust, is not. Scientists know that the outer nucleus is liquid and that the inner nucleus is solid because: 1. The S waves do not cross the outer core. 2. The strong magnetic field is caused by convection in the liquid outer core. The convection currents in the outer core are due to the heat of the inner core even warmer. The heat that prevents the outer nucleus from solidifying is produced by the degradation of the radioactive elements in the inner nucleus. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Convection currents in the outer core are
It was not always known that fossils were parts of living organisms. In 1666, a young doctor named Nicholas Steno dissected the head of a huge large white shark captured by a fisherman near Florence, Italy. Steno was struck by the resemblance of shark teeth to fossils found in the mountains and inland hills (Figure??). At the time, most people did not believe that fossils were once part of living creatures. The authors of that day thought that the fossils of marine animals found in high mountains, miles from any ocean, could be explained in two ways: The shells were washed during the biblical flood. This explanation could not explain the fact that fossils were found not only on the mountains, but also inside the mountains, in rocks that had been fractured from depths below the Earth's surface.) Fossils formed inside the rocks as a result of mysterious forces. But for Steno, the close resemblance between fossils and modern organisms was impossible to ignore. Instead of invoking supernatural forces, Steno concluded that fossils were once parts of living creatures.[SEP] Mysterious forces
It was not always known that fossils were parts of living organisms. In 1666, a young doctor named Nicholas Steno dissected the head of a huge large white shark captured by a fisherman near Florence, Italy. Steno was struck by the resemblance of shark teeth to fossils found in the mountains and inland hills (Figure??). At the time, most people did not believe that fossils were once part of living creatures. The authors of that day thought that the fossils of marine animals found in high mountains, miles from any ocean, could be explained in two ways: The shells were washed during the biblical flood. This explanation could not explain the fact that fossils were found not only on the mountains, but also inside the mountains, in rocks that had been fractured from depths below the Earth's surface.) Fossils formed inside the rocks as a result of mysterious forces. But for Steno, the close resemblance between fossils and modern organisms was impossible to ignore. Instead of invoking supernatural forces, Steno concluded that fossils were once parts of living creatures.[SEP] Fossils formed in rocks
The Earth is a sphere or, more correctly, an Oblate spheroid, which is a sphere that is a little crushed at the poles and a little swollen at the equator. To be more technical, the minor axis (diameter through the poles) is smaller than the main axis (diameter through the equator). Half the sphere is a hemisphere. To the north of the equator is the northern hemisphere and to the south of the equator is the southern hemisphere. The eastern and western hemispheres are also designated. What is the proof that the Earth is spherical? What evidence existed before spacecraft and satellites? Try to design an experiment involving a ship and the ocean to show that the Earth is round. If you stand on the shore and a ship goes to sea, the ship becomes smaller as it moves away from you. The bottom of the ships also begins to disappear as the ship turns around the arc of the planet (Figure 1.1). There are many other ways than the first scientists and sailors knew that the Earth was not flat. The Sun and the other planets of the solar system are also spherical. The larger satellites, those that have enough mass for their gravitational attraction to have made them round, are also spherical. The real form of the Earths is not spherical, but an Oblate spheroid. The planet overflows around the equator due to mass collection in the middle due to rotational momentum.[SEP] Mass collection in the middle
The Earth is a sphere or, more correctly, an Oblate spheroid, which is a sphere that is a little crushed at the poles and a little swollen at the equator. To be more technical, the minor axis (diameter through the poles) is smaller than the main axis (diameter through the equator). Half the sphere is a hemisphere. To the north of the equator is the northern hemisphere and to the south of the equator is the southern hemisphere. The eastern and western hemispheres are also designated. What is the proof that the Earth is spherical? What evidence existed before spacecraft and satellites? Try to design an experiment involving a ship and the ocean to show that the Earth is round. If you stand on the shore and a ship goes to sea, the ship becomes smaller as it moves away from you. The bottom of the ships also begins to disappear as the ship turns around the arc of the planet (Figure 1.1). There are many other ways than the first scientists and sailors knew that the Earth was not flat. The Sun and the other planets of the solar system are also spherical. The larger satellites, those that have enough mass for their gravitational attraction to have made them round, are also spherical. The real form of the Earths is not spherical, but an Oblate spheroid. The planet overflows around the equator due to mass collection in the middle due to rotational momentum.[SEP] The planet overflows around the equator
Many factors influence the climate of a region. The most important factor is latitude because different latitudes receive different amounts of solar radiation. The equator receives the most solar radiation. The days are just as long all year round and the sun is about directly above noon. Polar regions receive the least solar radiation. The night lasts six months during the winter. Even in the summer, the Sun never rises very high in the sky. The sunlight filters through a thick corner of the atmosphere, making the sunlight much less intense. The high albedo, due to ice and snow, reflects much of the sunlight.[SEP] Ice and snow reflect much of the sunlight
Many factors influence the climate of a region. The most important factor is latitude because different latitudes receive different amounts of solar radiation. The equator receives the most solar radiation. The days are just as long all year round and the sun is about directly above noon. Polar regions receive the least solar radiation. The night lasts six months during the winter. Even in the summer, the Sun never rises very high in the sky. The sunlight filters through a thick corner of the atmosphere, making the sunlight much less intense. The high albedo, due to ice and snow, reflects much of the sunlight.[SEP] The high albedo
It is easy to see the temperature difference at different latitudes in Figure 1.1. But the temperature is not fully correlated with latitude. There are many exceptions. For example, note that the western part of South America The maximum annual temperature of the Earth, showing a temperature gradient at about progressive low latitudes at high latitudes. Temperatures are relatively low due to the Andes. The Rocky Mountains in the United States also have lower temperatures due to high altitudes. Western Europe is warmer than it should be because of the Gulf Stream. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] The Andes Mountains
It is easy to see the temperature difference at different latitudes in Figure 1.1. But the temperature is not fully correlated with latitude. There are many exceptions. For example, note that the western part of South America The maximum annual temperature of the Earth, showing a temperature gradient at about progressive low latitudes at high latitudes. Temperatures are relatively low due to the Andes. The Rocky Mountains in the United States also have lower temperatures due to high altitudes. Western Europe is warmer than it should be because of the Gulf Stream. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Temperatures are relatively low.
The most widely accepted explanation of the formation of the solar system is called the nebulous hypothesis. According to this hypothesis, the Sun and the planets of our solar system formed about 4.6 billion years ago from the collapse of a giant cloud of gas and dust, called a nebula. The nebula was collected by gravity, which released potential gravitational energy. As small particles of dust and gas broke together to create larger particles, they produced kinetic energy. When the nebula collapsed, the gravity in the centre increased and the cloud began to turn because of its angular momentum. As he collapsed further, the rotation became faster, just like an ice skater turns faster when he pulls his arms on his sides during a rotation. Much of the cloud mass migrated to its centre, but the rest of the material flattened into a huge disk. The disc contained hydrogen and helium, as well as heavier elements and even simple organic molecules.[SEP] Its angular momentum
The most widely accepted explanation of the formation of the solar system is called the nebulous hypothesis. According to this hypothesis, the Sun and the planets of our solar system formed about 4.6 billion years ago from the collapse of a giant cloud of gas and dust, called a nebula. The nebula was collected by gravity, which released potential gravitational energy. As small particles of dust and gas broke together to create larger particles, they produced kinetic energy. When the nebula collapsed, the gravity in the centre increased and the cloud began to turn because of its angular momentum. As he collapsed further, the rotation became faster, just like an ice skater turns faster when he pulls his arms on his sides during a rotation. Much of the cloud mass migrated to its centre, but the rest of the material flattened into a huge disk. The disc contained hydrogen and helium, as well as heavier elements and even simple organic molecules.[SEP] When the nebula collapsed, the gravity in the centre increased and the cloud began to turn.
Fossil fuels currently supply about 85% of the world's energy. The global use of fossil fuels has increased several times over the last half century (coal - 2.6x, oil - 8x, natural gas - 14x) as a result of population growth, the increase in the number of cars, televisions and other fuel-using uses in the developed world, and the improvement in the way of life in the developing world. The amount of fossil fuels that remain untapped is unknown, but can probably be measured in decades for oil and natural gas and in a few centuries for coal (Figure 1.1).[SEP] Population growth
Fossil fuels currently supply about 85% of the world's energy. The global use of fossil fuels has increased several times over the last half century (coal - 2.6x, oil - 8x, natural gas - 14x) as a result of population growth, the increase in the number of cars, televisions and other fuel-using uses in the developed world, and the improvement in the way of life in the developing world. The amount of fossil fuels that remain untapped is unknown, but can probably be measured in decades for oil and natural gas and in a few centuries for coal (Figure 1.1).[SEP] Worldwide, the use of fossil fuels has increased several times over the last half century (coal - 2.6x, oil - 8x, natural gas - 14x)
Whether or not the ice field is moving depends on the amount of ice in the field, the inclination of the slope and the roughness of the ground surface. The ice moves where the pressure is so great that it undergoes a plastic flow. The ice also slides to the bottom, often lubricated by water that has melted and moves between the ground and the ice. The speed of a glacier goes from extremely fast, where conditions are favorable, to almost zero. Because the ice moves, the glaciers have crevices, where cracks form in the ice as a result of the movement. The large crevice on top of an alpine glacier where the moving ice is separated from the ice that is glued to the above mountain is called a bergshrund. The crevices in a glacier are the result of a movement.[SEP] Movement
Whether or not the ice field is moving depends on the amount of ice in the field, the inclination of the slope and the roughness of the ground surface. The ice moves where the pressure is so great that it undergoes a plastic flow. The ice also slides to the bottom, often lubricated by water that has melted and moves between the ground and the ice. The speed of a glacier goes from extremely fast, where conditions are favorable, to almost zero. Because the ice moves, the glaciers have crevices, where cracks form in the ice as a result of the movement. The large crevice on top of an alpine glacier where the moving ice is separated from the ice that is glued to the above mountain is called a bergshrund. The crevices in a glacier are the result of a movement.[SEP] Because the ice moves, the glaciers have crevices, where cracks form in the ice
Human activity has significantly increased the levels of many greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Methane concentrations are approximately 2 1/2 times higher due to human activity. Carbon dioxide increased by more than 35%. CFCs only exist recently. In your opinion, what happens when atmospheric levels of greenhouse gases increase? More greenhouse gases trap more heat and warm the atmosphere. The increase or decrease in greenhouse gases in the atmosphere affects climate and weather conditions around the world. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Human activity
Human activity has significantly increased the levels of many greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Methane concentrations are approximately 2 1/2 times higher due to human activity. Carbon dioxide increased by more than 35%. CFCs only exist recently. In your opinion, what happens when atmospheric levels of greenhouse gases increase? More greenhouse gases trap more heat and warm the atmosphere. The increase or decrease in greenhouse gases in the atmosphere affects climate and weather conditions around the world. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Methane levels are about 2 1/2 times higher
It was not always known that fossils were parts of living organisms. In 1666, a young doctor named Nicholas Steno dissected the head of a huge large white shark captured by a fisherman near Florence, Italy. Steno was struck by the resemblance of shark teeth to fossils found in the mountains and inland hills (Figure 1.1). At the time, most people did not believe that fossils were once part of living creatures. The authors of that day thought that the fossils of marine animals found in high mountains, miles from any ocean, could be explained in two ways: The shells were washed during the biblical flood. This explanation could not explain the fact that fossils were found not only on the mountains, but also inside the mountains, in rocks that had been fractured from depths below the Earth's surface.) Fossils formed inside the rocks as a result of mysterious forces. But for Steno, the close resemblance between fossils and modern organisms was impossible to ignore. Instead of invoking supernatural forces, Steno concluded that fossils were once parts of living creatures. Dent Fossil Shark (left) and modern tooth Shark (right).[SEP] Mysterious forces
It was not always known that fossils were parts of living organisms. In 1666, a young doctor named Nicholas Steno dissected the head of a huge large white shark captured by a fisherman near Florence, Italy. Steno was struck by the resemblance of shark teeth to fossils found in the mountains and inland hills (Figure 1.1). At the time, most people did not believe that fossils were once part of living creatures. The authors of that day thought that the fossils of marine animals found in high mountains, miles from any ocean, could be explained in two ways: The shells were washed during the biblical flood. This explanation could not explain the fact that fossils were found not only on the mountains, but also inside the mountains, in rocks that had been fractured from depths below the Earth's surface.) Fossils formed inside the rocks as a result of mysterious forces. But for Steno, the close resemblance between fossils and modern organisms was impossible to ignore. Instead of invoking supernatural forces, Steno concluded that fossils were once parts of living creatures. Dent Fossil Shark (left) and modern tooth Shark (right).[SEP] Fossils formed in rocks
Sometimes chemicals aren't as easily seen as they were on the Love channel. But the impacts can be seen statistically. For example, contaminated drinking water can cause some types of cancer to increase in a community. Why is a person with cancer not enough to suspect contamination with toxic waste? One is not a statistically valid number. A number of people have cancer all the time. To identify contamination, a number of cancers must be discovered above normal levels, called cancer clusters. A case that was made in a book and a film called A Civil Action involved the community of Woburn, Massachusetts. Groundwater contamination was initially suspected due to an increase in infant leukemia and other diseases. Due to parental concerns, well water has been analyzed and has high concentrations of TCE (trichloroethylene).[SEP] An increase in infant leukemia and other diseases
Sometimes chemicals aren't as easily seen as they were on the Love channel. But the impacts can be seen statistically. For example, contaminated drinking water can cause some types of cancer to increase in a community. Why is a person with cancer not enough to suspect contamination with toxic waste? One is not a statistically valid number. A number of people have cancer all the time. To identify contamination, a number of cancers must be discovered above normal levels, called cancer clusters. A case that was made in a book and a film called A Civil Action involved the community of Woburn, Massachusetts. Groundwater contamination was initially suspected due to an increase in infant leukemia and other diseases. Due to parental concerns, well water has been analyzed and has high concentrations of TCE (trichloroethylene).[SEP] Groundwater contamination was initially suspected.
Many processes can cause climate change. These changes include: The amount of energy produced by the Sun over the years. In the positions of continents over millions of years. In the inclination of the Earth axis and orbit over thousands of years. It's sudden and dramatic because of random catastrophic events, like a major asteroid impact. In greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, caused naturally or by human activities.[SEP] Random catastrophic events, such as a large asteroid impact
Many processes can cause climate change. These changes include: The amount of energy produced by the Sun over the years. In the positions of continents over millions of years. In the inclination of the Earth axis and orbit over thousands of years. It's sudden and dramatic because of random catastrophic events, like a major asteroid impact. In greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, caused naturally or by human activities.[SEP] It's sudden and dramatic.
Do you know why you're supposed to eat big predatory fish like tuna rarely? This is because of the bioaccumulation of mercury in these species. Some pollutants remain in an organism throughout its life, a phenomenon called bioaccumulation. In this process, an organism accumulates all the amount of a toxic compound that it consumes in its lifetime. Not all substances bioaccumulate. Can you name one that doesn't? Aspirin does not bioaccumulate; if so, a person would quickly accumulate a toxic amount in his or her body. Compounds that bioaccumulate are usually stored in body fats. In sediments, bacteria convert droplets to methylmercury. Bacteria and plankton store all mercury from all the seawater they ingest (Figure 1.2). A small fish that eats bacteria and plankton accumulates all the mercury of all the small creatures he eats in his lifetime. A large fish accumulates all the mercury of all the small fish that it eats in its lifetime. For a tuna at the top of the food chain, it's a lot of mercury. Historical increases in mercury in the atmosphere: blue is volcanic eruptions; brown, purple and pink are human causes. The red region shows the effect of industrialization on atmospheric mercury. Tuna therefore poses a danger to the health of everything that eats them because their bodies are so rich in mercury. That's why the government is recommending limits on how much tuna people eat. Limiting the consumption of large predatory fish is particularly important for children and pregnant women. If mercury has just remained in a fat person, it would not be harmful, but that fat is used when a woman is pregnant or breastfeeding a baby. A person will also get mercury in their system when they (or they) burn fat while losing weight.[SEP] Bioaccumulation of mercury in these species
Do you know why you're supposed to eat big predatory fish like tuna rarely? This is because of the bioaccumulation of mercury in these species. Some pollutants remain in an organism throughout its life, a phenomenon called bioaccumulation. In this process, an organism accumulates all the amount of a toxic compound that it consumes in its lifetime. Not all substances bioaccumulate. Can you name one that doesn't? Aspirin does not bioaccumulate; if so, a person would quickly accumulate a toxic amount in his or her body. Compounds that bioaccumulate are usually stored in body fats. In sediments, bacteria convert droplets to methylmercury. Bacteria and plankton store all mercury from all the seawater they ingest (Figure 1.2). A small fish that eats bacteria and plankton accumulates all the mercury of all the small creatures he eats in his lifetime. A large fish accumulates all the mercury of all the small fish that it eats in its lifetime. For a tuna at the top of the food chain, it's a lot of mercury. Historical increases in mercury in the atmosphere: blue is volcanic eruptions; brown, purple and pink are human causes. The red region shows the effect of industrialization on atmospheric mercury. Tuna therefore poses a danger to the health of everything that eats them because their bodies are so rich in mercury. That's why the government is recommending limits on how much tuna people eat. Limiting the consumption of large predatory fish is particularly important for children and pregnant women. If mercury has just remained in a fat person, it would not be harmful, but that fat is used when a woman is pregnant or breastfeeding a baby. A person will also get mercury in their system when they (or they) burn fat while losing weight.[SEP] It's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's... it's...
The two main types of metamorphism are related to heat inside the Earth: 1. Regional Metamorphism: Changes in huge amounts of rock over a large area due to extreme pressure from raised rock or compression caused by geological processes. A deep burial exposes the rock to high temperatures. 2. Contact Metamorphism: Changes in a rock that is in contact with the magma. The changes occur because of the extreme heat of the magmas. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Extreme heat of magmas
The two main types of metamorphism are related to heat inside the Earth: 1. Regional Metamorphism: Changes in huge amounts of rock over a large area due to extreme pressure from raised rock or compression caused by geological processes. A deep burial exposes the rock to high temperatures. 2. Contact Metamorphism: Changes in a rock that is in contact with the magma. The changes occur because of the extreme heat of the magmas. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Changes occur
The Neptune, illustrated in Figure 1.1, is the only major planet that cannot be seen from the Earth without a telescope. Scientists predicted the existence of Neptune before it was discovered because Uranus did not always appear exactly where it had to appear. They knew that the gravitational attraction of another planet beyond Uranus had to affect the orbit of Uranus. Neptune was discovered in 1846, in the position that had been predicted, and it was named Neptune for the Roman god of the sea because of its bluish color. This image of Neptune was taken by Voy-ager 2 in 1989. The Great Black Spot seen on the left centre of the image has since disappeared, but a similar black spot has appeared on another part of the planet. In many ways, Neptune is similar to Uranus (Figure 1.2). Neptune has a little more mass than Uranus, but it is slightly smaller. Neptune is much further from the Sun, nearly 4.5 billion km (2.8 billion mi). The slow orbit of the planets means that it takes 165 years of Earth to turn around the Sun once.[SEP] Its bluish color
The Neptune, illustrated in Figure 1.1, is the only major planet that cannot be seen from the Earth without a telescope. Scientists predicted the existence of Neptune before it was discovered because Uranus did not always appear exactly where it had to appear. They knew that the gravitational attraction of another planet beyond Uranus had to affect the orbit of Uranus. Neptune was discovered in 1846, in the position that had been predicted, and it was named Neptune for the Roman god of the sea because of its bluish color. This image of Neptune was taken by Voy-ager 2 in 1989. The Great Black Spot seen on the left centre of the image has since disappeared, but a similar black spot has appeared on another part of the planet. In many ways, Neptune is similar to Uranus (Figure 1.2). Neptune has a little more mass than Uranus, but it is slightly smaller. Neptune is much further from the Sun, nearly 4.5 billion km (2.8 billion mi). The slow orbit of the planets means that it takes 165 years of Earth to turn around the Sun once.[SEP] Neptune was discovered in 1846, in the position that had been predicted, and he was named Neptune for the Roman god of the sea
The blue colour of Neptunes is mainly due to frozen methane (CH4). When Voyager 2 went to Neptune in 1986, there was a large dark blue spot, which scientists called the Great Black Spot, south of the equator. When the Hubble Space Telescope took pictures of Neptune in 1994, the Great Black Spot had disappeared, but another black spot had appeared north of the equator. Astronomers believe that these two spots represent gaps in Neptune's methane clouds. Neptune's changing appearance is caused by its turbulent atmosphere. Winds on Neptune are stronger than on any other planet in the solar system, reaching a speed of 1,100 km/h (700 mph), close to the speed of sound. This extreme weather surprised astronomers, as the planet receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems. The heart of Neptunes is 7000 C (12,632 C) which means that it produces more energy than it receives from the Sun. Neptune is also one of the coldest places in the solar system. The temperatures at the top of the clouds are about -218 C (-360 F). The composition of the Neptunes is that of a gas giant: (1) high atmosphere, (2) atmo- sphere composed of hydrogen, helium and methane, (3) mantle of water, ammonia and methane ice, (4) rock and ice core.[SEP] Frozen methane (CH4
The blue colour of Neptunes is mainly due to frozen methane (CH4). When Voyager 2 went to Neptune in 1986, there was a large dark blue spot, which scientists called the Great Black Spot, south of the equator. When the Hubble Space Telescope took pictures of Neptune in 1994, the Great Black Spot had disappeared, but another black spot had appeared north of the equator. Astronomers believe that these two spots represent gaps in Neptune's methane clouds. Neptune's changing appearance is caused by its turbulent atmosphere. Winds on Neptune are stronger than on any other planet in the solar system, reaching a speed of 1,100 km/h (700 mph), close to the speed of sound. This extreme weather surprised astronomers, as the planet receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems. The heart of Neptunes is 7000 C (12,632 C) which means that it produces more energy than it receives from the Sun. Neptune is also one of the coldest places in the solar system. The temperatures at the top of the clouds are about -218 C (-360 F). The composition of the Neptunes is that of a gas giant: (1) high atmosphere, (2) atmo- sphere composed of hydrogen, helium and methane, (3) mantle of water, ammonia and methane ice, (4) rock and ice core.[SEP] Neptunes color blue is most of the time
The net energy ratio shows the difference between the amount of energy available in a resource and the amount of energy used to obtain it. If it takes 8 units of energy to provide 10 units of energy, then the net energy ratio is 10/8 or 1.25. What does a net energy ratio greater than 1 mean? What happens if the net energy ratio is less than 1? A net energy ratio of more than 1 means that there is a net gain in usable energy; a net energy ratio of less than one means that there is an overall loss of energy. Table 1.1 shows the net energy ratios for some common energy sources. Source of Energy Solar Energy Natural Gas Petroleum Coal-fired Electricity Net Energy Ratio 5.8 4.9 4.5 2.5-5.1 Report, according to the table, that solar energy produces much more net energy than other sources. That's because it takes very little energy to get usable solar energy. The sun is abundant and does not need to be found, extracted, or transported far away. The range of coal-fired electricity is due to the different costs of coal transport. What does this suggest about the use of coal to generate electricity? Efficiency is greater in areas where coal is operated locally and should not be transported over long distances (Figure 1.2). Obtaining coal for energy requires a lot of energy. Coal must be located, extracted, refined and transported. Because much of the energy we use comes from fossil fuels, we need to be particularly concerned about their efficient use. Sometimes our choices affect energy efficiency. For example, transport by car and air is less energy efficient than transport by boat and train.[SEP] Different costs of coal transport
The net energy ratio shows the difference between the amount of energy available in a resource and the amount of energy used to obtain it. If it takes 8 units of energy to provide 10 units of energy, then the net energy ratio is 10/8 or 1.25. What does a net energy ratio greater than 1 mean? What happens if the net energy ratio is less than 1? A net energy ratio of more than 1 means that there is a net gain in usable energy; a net energy ratio of less than one means that there is an overall loss of energy. Table 1.1 shows the net energy ratios for some common energy sources. Source of Energy Solar Energy Natural Gas Petroleum Coal-fired Electricity Net Energy Ratio 5.8 4.9 4.5 2.5-5.1 Report, according to the table, that solar energy produces much more net energy than other sources. That's because it takes very little energy to get usable solar energy. The sun is abundant and does not need to be found, extracted, or transported far away. The range of coal-fired electricity is due to the different costs of coal transport. What does this suggest about the use of coal to generate electricity? Efficiency is greater in areas where coal is operated locally and should not be transported over long distances (Figure 1.2). Obtaining coal for energy requires a lot of energy. Coal must be located, extracted, refined and transported. Because much of the energy we use comes from fossil fuels, we need to be particularly concerned about their efficient use. Sometimes our choices affect energy efficiency. For example, transport by car and air is less energy efficient than transport by boat and train.[SEP] The range for coal-fired electricity is
The Paleozoic sedimentary rocks of the Grand Canyon contain evidence of marine transgressions and regressions, but even there the rock record is not complete. Look at the sequence in Figure 1.2 and see if you can determine if the sea has transgressed or regressed. In the background, the Tonto group represents a marine transgression: sandstone (11), shale (10) and limestone (9) laid for 30 million years of the Cambrian period. Ordovicians and Silurians are unknown due to non-compliance. Above, it is the freshwater limestone (8), which is covered with limestone (7), then shale (6), indicating that the sea was in decline. After another non-compliance, Supai (5) rocks include limestone, siltstone, and sandstone indicating a regressive sea. Above these rocks are shale (4), sandstone (3), limestone and sandstone (2) showing that the sea has regressed, transgressed and finally limestone (1) indicating that the sea had returned.[SEP] Non-compliance
The Paleozoic sedimentary rocks of the Grand Canyon contain evidence of marine transgressions and regressions, but even there the rock record is not complete. Look at the sequence in Figure 1.2 and see if you can determine if the sea has transgressed or regressed. In the background, the Tonto group represents a marine transgression: sandstone (11), shale (10) and limestone (9) laid for 30 million years of the Cambrian period. Ordovicians and Silurians are unknown due to non-compliance. Above, it is the freshwater limestone (8), which is covered with limestone (7), then shale (6), indicating that the sea was in decline. After another non-compliance, Supai (5) rocks include limestone, siltstone, and sandstone indicating a regressive sea. Above these rocks are shale (4), sandstone (3), limestone and sandstone (2) showing that the sea has regressed, transgressed and finally limestone (1) indicating that the sea had returned.[SEP] Ordovicians and Silurians are unknown
The lakes are larger bodies of water. Lakes are generally freshwater, although Great Salt Lake in Utah is only an exception. Water usually flows from a lake through a river or stream and all lakes lose water to evaporate. Lakes are formed in different ways: in glacier-drilled depressions, in calderas (Figure 1.1), and along tectonic faults, to name but a few. The subglacial lakes are even under an ice cap. Due to geological history and land mass arrangement, most lakes are located in the Northern Hemisphere. In fact, more than 60% of all lakes in the world are located in Canada. Most of these lakes have been formed by glaciers that have covered most of Canada during the last glacial period (Figure 1.2). Lakes are not permanent features of a landscape. Some come and go with the seasons, as water levels increase and decrease. Longer, lakes disappear when they fill with sediment, if the sources or streams that fill them decrease, (a) The crater lake in Oregon is in a volcanic caldera. Lakes can also form in volcanic craters and impact craters ( (b) The Great Lakes fill eroded depressions as glaciers get rid of landscape rocks. ( C) Lake Baikal, ice covered in winter in this image, formed like water filled with a tectonic fault. The lakes near Yellowknife were carved by glaciers during the last glacial period. Or if their exits develop due to erosion. When a region's climate changes, lakes can expand or shrink (Figure 1.3). Lakes can disappear if precipitation decreases significantly. Large lakes have tidal systems and currents, and can even affect weather conditions. In the United States, the Great Lakes contain 22% of the world's fresh surface waters (Figure 1.1). The largest of them, Lake Superior, has a tide that rises and falls several centimetres a day. The Great Lakes are large enough to alter the northeastern U.S. weather system by the effect of the lake, which is an increase in snow under the wind of relatively hot lakes. The Great Lakes are home to countless species of fish and wildlife. Many lakes are not natural, but are made by man. People dyke a stream in a suitable place and then let the water go up behind it, creating a lake. These lakes are called "reservoirs". Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Erosion
The lakes are larger bodies of water. Lakes are generally freshwater, although Great Salt Lake in Utah is only an exception. Water usually flows from a lake through a river or stream and all lakes lose water to evaporate. Lakes are formed in different ways: in glacier-drilled depressions, in calderas (Figure 1.1), and along tectonic faults, to name but a few. The subglacial lakes are even under an ice cap. Due to geological history and land mass arrangement, most lakes are located in the Northern Hemisphere. In fact, more than 60% of all lakes in the world are located in Canada. Most of these lakes have been formed by glaciers that have covered most of Canada during the last glacial period (Figure 1.2). Lakes are not permanent features of a landscape. Some come and go with the seasons, as water levels increase and decrease. Longer, lakes disappear when they fill with sediment, if the sources or streams that fill them decrease, (a) The crater lake in Oregon is in a volcanic caldera. Lakes can also form in volcanic craters and impact craters ( (b) The Great Lakes fill eroded depressions as glaciers get rid of landscape rocks. ( C) Lake Baikal, ice covered in winter in this image, formed like water filled with a tectonic fault. The lakes near Yellowknife were carved by glaciers during the last glacial period. Or if their exits develop due to erosion. When a region's climate changes, lakes can expand or shrink (Figure 1.3). Lakes can disappear if precipitation decreases significantly. Large lakes have tidal systems and currents, and can even affect weather conditions. In the United States, the Great Lakes contain 22% of the world's fresh surface waters (Figure 1.1). The largest of them, Lake Superior, has a tide that rises and falls several centimetres a day. The Great Lakes are large enough to alter the northeastern U.S. weather system by the effect of the lake, which is an increase in snow under the wind of relatively hot lakes. The Great Lakes are home to countless species of fish and wildlife. Many lakes are not natural, but are made by man. People dyke a stream in a suitable place and then let the water go up behind it, creating a lake. These lakes are called "reservoirs". Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] or if their outlets are growing
The biotic and abiotic factors determine the population size of a species in an ecosystem. What are some important biotic factors? Biological factors include the amount of food available for this species and the number of organisms that also use this food source. What are some important abiotic factors? Space, water and climate all help determine a species population. When does a population grow? A population increases when the number of births exceeds the number of deaths. When does a population decrease? When deaths exceed births. What are the causes of population growth? For a population to grow, there must be abundant resources and no major problems. What causes a decrease in the population? A population may shrink due to biotic or abiotic limitations. An increase in predators, the emergence of a new disease or the loss of habitat are only three possible problems that will decrease a population. A population may also decline if it increases too much for the resources needed to support it.[SEP] biotic or abiotic limits
The biotic and abiotic factors determine the population size of a species in an ecosystem. What are some important biotic factors? Biological factors include the amount of food available for this species and the number of organisms that also use this food source. What are some important abiotic factors? Space, water and climate all help determine a species population. When does a population grow? A population increases when the number of births exceeds the number of deaths. When does a population decrease? When deaths exceed births. What are the causes of population growth? For a population to grow, there must be abundant resources and no major problems. What causes a decrease in the population? A population may shrink due to biotic or abiotic limitations. An increase in predators, the emergence of a new disease or the loss of habitat are only three possible problems that will decrease a population. A population may also decline if it increases too much for the resources needed to support it.[SEP] A population may shrink
In the photograph of the Mesquite Sand Dune in Death Valley National Park, California (Figure 1.2), we see that wind can cause bedding in the sand. Cross bedding is due to changes in wind direction. There are also undulations caused by the wind that shake the surface of the dune. Since we can observe the wind forming sand dunes with these patterns now, we have a good explanation for how Navajo sandstone has formed. Navajo sandstone is a rock made up of ancient sand dunes in which the direction of the wind has changed from time to time. This is just one example of how geologists use the observations they make today to unravel what has happened in the Earth's past. Rocks formed by volcanoes, oceans, rivers and many other characteristics are deciphered by examining the geological work that these characteristics do today. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Changes in wind direction
In the photograph of the Mesquite Sand Dune in Death Valley National Park, California (Figure 1.2), we see that wind can cause bedding in the sand. Cross bedding is due to changes in wind direction. There are also undulations caused by the wind that shake the surface of the dune. Since we can observe the wind forming sand dunes with these patterns now, we have a good explanation for how Navajo sandstone has formed. Navajo sandstone is a rock made up of ancient sand dunes in which the direction of the wind has changed from time to time. This is just one example of how geologists use the observations they make today to unravel what has happened in the Earth's past. Rocks formed by volcanoes, oceans, rivers and many other characteristics are deciphered by examining the geological work that these characteristics do today. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] The cross bed is
People also depend on water as a natural resource. In addition to obtaining water directly from streams or ponds, humans create canals, aqueducts, dams and wells to collect water and direct it to where they want it (Figure 1.4). Clouds are formed above the Amazon Rainfor- is even in dry season due to the humidity of the plant sweat. The Pont du Gard in France is an ancient aqueduct and bridge that was part of a well-developed system that provided wa-ter around the Roman Empire. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Humidity due to plant perspiration
People also depend on water as a natural resource. In addition to obtaining water directly from streams or ponds, humans create canals, aqueducts, dams and wells to collect water and direct it to where they want it (Figure 1.4). Clouds are formed above the Amazon Rainfor- is even in dry season due to the humidity of the plant sweat. The Pont du Gard in France is an ancient aqueduct and bridge that was part of a well-developed system that provided wa-ter around the Roman Empire. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Clouds form over the Amazon Rainfor- is even in dry season
Potassium-40 breaks down into argon-40 with a half-life of 1.26 billion years. Argon is a gas so that it can escape the melted magma, which means that any argon in an igneous crystal is probably formed as a result of the decomposition of potassium-40. The measurement of the ratio of potassium-40 to argon-40 gives a good estimate of the age of this crystal. Potassium is common in many minerals, such as feldspar, mica and amphibole. With its half-life, the technique is used to date rocks from 100,000 years to more than a billion years. The technique was useful to date relatively young geological materials and deposits containing the bones of human ancestors.[SEP] Disintegration of potassium-40
Potassium-40 breaks down into argon-40 with a half-life of 1.26 billion years. Argon is a gas so that it can escape the melted magma, which means that any argon in an igneous crystal is probably formed as a result of the decomposition of potassium-40. The measurement of the ratio of potassium-40 to argon-40 gives a good estimate of the age of this crystal. Potassium is common in many minerals, such as feldspar, mica and amphibole. With its half-life, the technique is used to date rocks from 100,000 years to more than a billion years. The technique was useful to date relatively young geological materials and deposits containing the bones of human ancestors.[SEP] Argon is a gas so it can escape the melted magma, which means that any argon that is in an igneous crystal probably formed
The rock cycle, shown in Figure 1.1, shows how the three main types of rocks - igneous, sedimentary and metamorphic - convert to each other. The arrows linking the types of rocks represent the processes that make these changes. Rocks change as a result of natural processes that occur all the time. Most changes occur very slowly. Rocks at the bottom of the Earth are becoming other types of rocks. Surface rocks are in place before they are exposed to a process that will change them. Even on the surface, we cannot notice the changes. The rock cycle has no beginning or end.[SEP] The natural processes that take place all the time
The rock cycle, shown in Figure 1.1, shows how the three main types of rocks - igneous, sedimentary and metamorphic - convert to each other. The arrows linking the types of rocks represent the processes that make these changes. Rocks change as a result of natural processes that occur all the time. Most changes occur very slowly. Rocks at the bottom of the Earth are becoming other types of rocks. Surface rocks are in place before they are exposed to a process that will change them. Even on the surface, we cannot notice the changes. The rock cycle has no beginning or end.[SEP] Rock changes
Water is simply two hydrogen atoms and an oxygen atom bound together (Figure 1.1). Hydrogen ions are on one side of the oxygen ion, making water a polar molecule. This means that one side, the side with hydrogen ions, has a slightly positive electrical charge. The other side, the side without hydrogen ions, has a slightly negative charge. Despite its simplicity, water has remarkable properties. Water develops when it freezes, has a high surface tension (because of the polar nature of molecules, they tend to stay together), and others. Without water, life may not be able to exist on Earth and it would certainly not have the immense complexity and diversity that we see.[SEP] The polar nature of molecules, they tend to stay together), and others
Water is simply two hydrogen atoms and an oxygen atom bound together (Figure 1.1). Hydrogen ions are on one side of the oxygen ion, making water a polar molecule. This means that one side, the side with hydrogen ions, has a slightly positive electrical charge. The other side, the side without hydrogen ions, has a slightly negative charge. Despite its simplicity, water has remarkable properties. Water develops when it freezes, has a high surface tension (because of the polar nature of molecules, they tend to stay together), and others. Without water, life may not be able to exist on Earth and it would certainly not have the immense complexity and diversity that we see.[SEP] Water develops when it freezes, has a high surface tension
Hypothesis 2 indicates that the increase in atmospheric CO2 is due to an increase in the amount of fossil fuels burned. We examine the scientific literature and find this graph in Figure 1.1. Global carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuel consumption and cement production. The black line represents all types of emission combined, and the coloured lines show the emissions of each fossil. Fossil fuels have added an increasing amount of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere since the industrial revolution began in the mid-19th century. Hypothesis 2 is true! Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Increasing the amount of fossil fuels burned
Hypothesis 2 indicates that the increase in atmospheric CO2 is due to an increase in the amount of fossil fuels burned. We examine the scientific literature and find this graph in Figure 1.1. Global carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuel consumption and cement production. The black line represents all types of emission combined, and the coloured lines show the emissions of each fossil. Fossil fuels have added an increasing amount of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere since the industrial revolution began in the mid-19th century. Hypothesis 2 is true! Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Hypothesis 2 indicates that the increase in atmospheric CO2 is
The Hertzsprung-Russell diagram (often called the H-R diagram) is a scatter graph that shows different star classes in the context of properties such as their brightness, absolute magnitude, color, and effective temperature. Created around 1910 by Ejnar Hertzsprung and Henry Norris Russell, the diagram provides a great help in understanding stellar evolution. There are several shapes of the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram, and the nomenclature is not very well defined. The original diagram showed the spectral type of stars on the horizontal axis and the absolute magnitude on the vertical axis. The shape below shows Kelvin's temperature along the horizontal axis ranging from high temperature on the left to low temperature on the right and brightness on the vertical axis. One can think of the brightness as the brightness in the multiples of the Sun. A luminosity of 100 on the axis would mean 100 times as bright as the Sun. Most stars occupy a region in the diagram along a line called the main sequence. During this stage, the stars merge hydrogen into helium in their hearts. The position of the Sun in the main sequence is shown in the diagram. You should note that the axial scales in this diagram are not linear. The vertical scale is logarithmic, each line is 100 times larger than the previous line. On the horizontal axis, as we move to the right, the temperature decreases from 1,000 to 1,000 degrees K between each line. If all other factors were the same, the highest stars would also be the brightest (the brightest). In the main sequence of stars, we see that as the temperature rises to the left, the brightness also increases, demonstrating that the warmest stars in this group are also the brightest. However, there are stars that are less bright than their temperature predicts. This group of stars is called white dwarfs. These stars are less bright than expected because of their very small size. These dwarf stars are only one thousandth of the size of the stars in the main sequence. There are also stars that are much brighter than their temperature predicts. This group of stars are called red giants. They are brighter than their temperature predicts because they are much larger than the stars in the main sequence. These stars have increased the size of the stars in the main sequence to several thousand times. Stars that are reddish in colour are cooler than other stars while stars that are bluish in color are warmer than other stars. A white dwarf is a very dense stellar remnant. A mass of white dwarfs is comparable to the Sun and its volume is comparable to that of the Earth. The very low brightness of a white dwarf comes from the emission of stored thermal energy. White dwarfs are thought to be the final evolutionary state of any star whose mass is not large enough to become a neutron star. About 97% of the stars in our galaxy will become neutron stars. After the life of a low to medium mass main sequence star, it will extend to a red giant that merges the helium with carbon and oxygen in its nucleus. If a red giant has insufficient mass to generate the basic temperatures necessary to fuse carbon, about 1 billion K, an inert mass of carbon and oxygen will accumulate at its centre. After blowing its outer layers to form a planetary nebula, the nucleus will be left behind to form the rest of the white dwarf. White dwarfs are composed of carbon and oxygen. A white dwarf is very hot when formed, but since it has no source of energy (no other fusion reaction), it will gradually radiate its energy and cool down. For a very long time, a white dwarf will cool to temperatures at which it will no longer emit significant light, and it will become a cold black dwarf. A red giant star is a star with a mass like the Sun that is in the final phase of its life, when the fusion reactions of hydrogen in the nucleus decrease due to the lack of fuel. With the gravitational collapse of the nucleus, fusion reactions now occur in a shell surrounding the nucleus. The outer layer of the star extends enormously up to 1000 times the size of the Sun. When the Sun becomes a red giant, its volume will include the orbit of Mercury and Venus and perhaps even the Earth. The increased size increases the brightness even if the outer layer cools to only about 3000 K. The colder outer layer makes it a red star. After a few million more years, the star is transformed into a white dwarf-planetary nebula system.[SEP] Their very small size
The Hertzsprung-Russell diagram (often called the H-R diagram) is a scatter graph that shows different star classes in the context of properties such as their brightness, absolute magnitude, color, and effective temperature. Created around 1910 by Ejnar Hertzsprung and Henry Norris Russell, the diagram provides a great help in understanding stellar evolution. There are several shapes of the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram, and the nomenclature is not very well defined. The original diagram showed the spectral type of stars on the horizontal axis and the absolute magnitude on the vertical axis. The shape below shows Kelvin's temperature along the horizontal axis ranging from high temperature on the left to low temperature on the right and brightness on the vertical axis. One can think of the brightness as the brightness in the multiples of the Sun. A luminosity of 100 on the axis would mean 100 times as bright as the Sun. Most stars occupy a region in the diagram along a line called the main sequence. During this stage, the stars merge hydrogen into helium in their hearts. The position of the Sun in the main sequence is shown in the diagram. You should note that the axial scales in this diagram are not linear. The vertical scale is logarithmic, each line is 100 times larger than the previous line. On the horizontal axis, as we move to the right, the temperature decreases from 1,000 to 1,000 degrees K between each line. If all other factors were the same, the highest stars would also be the brightest (the brightest). In the main sequence of stars, we see that as the temperature rises to the left, the brightness also increases, demonstrating that the warmest stars in this group are also the brightest. However, there are stars that are less bright than their temperature predicts. This group of stars is called white dwarfs. These stars are less bright than expected because of their very small size. These dwarf stars are only one thousandth of the size of the stars in the main sequence. There are also stars that are much brighter than their temperature predicts. This group of stars are called red giants. They are brighter than their temperature predicts because they are much larger than the stars in the main sequence. These stars have increased the size of the stars in the main sequence to several thousand times. Stars that are reddish in colour are cooler than other stars while stars that are bluish in color are warmer than other stars. A white dwarf is a very dense stellar remnant. A mass of white dwarfs is comparable to the Sun and its volume is comparable to that of the Earth. The very low brightness of a white dwarf comes from the emission of stored thermal energy. White dwarfs are thought to be the final evolutionary state of any star whose mass is not large enough to become a neutron star. About 97% of the stars in our galaxy will become neutron stars. After the life of a low to medium mass main sequence star, it will extend to a red giant that merges the helium with carbon and oxygen in its nucleus. If a red giant has insufficient mass to generate the basic temperatures necessary to fuse carbon, about 1 billion K, an inert mass of carbon and oxygen will accumulate at its centre. After blowing its outer layers to form a planetary nebula, the nucleus will be left behind to form the rest of the white dwarf. White dwarfs are composed of carbon and oxygen. A white dwarf is very hot when formed, but since it has no source of energy (no other fusion reaction), it will gradually radiate its energy and cool down. For a very long time, a white dwarf will cool to temperatures at which it will no longer emit significant light, and it will become a cold black dwarf. A red giant star is a star with a mass like the Sun that is in the final phase of its life, when the fusion reactions of hydrogen in the nucleus decrease due to the lack of fuel. With the gravitational collapse of the nucleus, fusion reactions now occur in a shell surrounding the nucleus. The outer layer of the star extends enormously up to 1000 times the size of the Sun. When the Sun becomes a red giant, its volume will include the orbit of Mercury and Venus and perhaps even the Earth. The increased size increases the brightness even if the outer layer cools to only about 3000 K. The colder outer layer makes it a red star. After a few million more years, the star is transformed into a white dwarf-planetary nebula system.[SEP] These stars are less bright than expected
It was not until 1543, when Copernicus (1473 - 1543) introduced a conception centered on the sun (heliocentric), that Ptolemy's astronomy was seriously questioned and finally reversed. Copernicus studied at the University of Bologna, where he lived in the same house as the principal astronomer. Copernicus helped the astronomer in some of his observations and in the production of annual astrological forecasts for the city. It was in Bologna that he probably first met a translation of Ptolemy Almagest that would later allow Copernicus to successfully refute the former astronomer. Later, at the University of Padua, Copernicus studied medicine, which was closely associated with astrology at that time because of the belief that stars influenced the body's dispositions. Back in Poland, Copernicus obtained a teaching position in Wroclaw, where he worked mainly as a doctor and head of church affairs. In his spare time, he studied stars and planets (decades before the invention of the telescope), and applied his mathematical understanding to the mysteries of the night sky. In doing so, he developed his theory of a system in which the Earth, like all the planets, revolved around the sun, and which simply and elegantly explained the curious retrograde movements of the planets. Copernicus wrote his theory in De Revolutionibus Orbium Coelestium (On the Revolutions of Celestial Orbs). The book was completed in about 1530, but it was not published until the year of his death, 1543. It was suggested that Copernicus knew that the publication would suffer the anger of the Catholic church and that he did not want to deal with the problems so that he would not publish his theory until he was on his deathbed. Legend says that a copy of the printer evidence was placed in his hands while he was lying in a coma, and that he woke up long enough to recognize what he was holding before he died. Tycho Brahe (1546 - 1601) was born in a part of southern Sweden that was part of Denmark at the time. While attending university to study law and philosophy, he was interested in astronomy and spent most evenings watching the stars. One of Tycho Brahes' first contributions to astronomy was the detection and correction of several serious errors in standard astronomical tables. Then, in 1572, he discovered a supernova in the constellation of Cassiopeia. Tycho built his own instruments and made the most complete and accurate observations available without the use of a telescope. Finally, his fame led to an offer by King Frederick II of Denmark and Norway to finance the construction of an astronomical observatory. The island of Van was chosen and in 1576 construction began. Tycho Brahe spent twenty years there, making observations on celestial bodies. During his life, Tycho Brahe did not accept the Copernicus model of the universe. He tried to combine it with the ptolemaic model. As a theoretician, Tycho was a failure but his observations and data he collected were far superior to all the others made before the telescope was invented. After Tycho Brahes's death, his assistant, Johannes Kepler, used Tycho Brahes' observations to calculate his own three laws of the planetary movement. In 1600, Johannes Kepler (1571 - 1630) began working as a Tychos assistant. They recognized that neither the Ptolemaic (geocentric) or Copernican (heliocentric) models could predict Mars positions as precisely as they could measure them. Tycho died in 1601, after which Kepler had full access to Tychos's data. He analyzed the data for 8 years and tried to calculate an orbit that would correspond to the data, but was unable to do so. Later, Kepler determined that the orbits were not circular but elliptic.[SEP] The belief that stars have influenced the body's dispositions
It was not until 1543, when Copernicus (1473 - 1543) introduced a conception centered on the sun (heliocentric), that Ptolemy's astronomy was seriously questioned and finally reversed. Copernicus studied at the University of Bologna, where he lived in the same house as the principal astronomer. Copernicus helped the astronomer in some of his observations and in the production of annual astrological forecasts for the city. It was in Bologna that he probably first met a translation of Ptolemy Almagest that would later allow Copernicus to successfully refute the former astronomer. Later, at the University of Padua, Copernicus studied medicine, which was closely associated with astrology at that time because of the belief that stars influenced the body's dispositions. Back in Poland, Copernicus obtained a teaching position in Wroclaw, where he worked mainly as a doctor and head of church affairs. In his spare time, he studied stars and planets (decades before the invention of the telescope), and applied his mathematical understanding to the mysteries of the night sky. In doing so, he developed his theory of a system in which the Earth, like all the planets, revolved around the sun, and which simply and elegantly explained the curious retrograde movements of the planets. Copernicus wrote his theory in De Revolutionibus Orbium Coelestium (On the Revolutions of Celestial Orbs). The book was completed in about 1530, but it was not published until the year of his death, 1543. It was suggested that Copernicus knew that the publication would suffer the anger of the Catholic church and that he did not want to deal with the problems so that he would not publish his theory until he was on his deathbed. Legend says that a copy of the printer evidence was placed in his hands while he was lying in a coma, and that he woke up long enough to recognize what he was holding before he died. Tycho Brahe (1546 - 1601) was born in a part of southern Sweden that was part of Denmark at the time. While attending university to study law and philosophy, he was interested in astronomy and spent most evenings watching the stars. One of Tycho Brahes' first contributions to astronomy was the detection and correction of several serious errors in standard astronomical tables. Then, in 1572, he discovered a supernova in the constellation of Cassiopeia. Tycho built his own instruments and made the most complete and accurate observations available without the use of a telescope. Finally, his fame led to an offer by King Frederick II of Denmark and Norway to finance the construction of an astronomical observatory. The island of Van was chosen and in 1576 construction began. Tycho Brahe spent twenty years there, making observations on celestial bodies. During his life, Tycho Brahe did not accept the Copernicus model of the universe. He tried to combine it with the ptolemaic model. As a theoretician, Tycho was a failure but his observations and data he collected were far superior to all the others made before the telescope was invented. After Tycho Brahes's death, his assistant, Johannes Kepler, used Tycho Brahes' observations to calculate his own three laws of the planetary movement. In 1600, Johannes Kepler (1571 - 1630) began working as a Tychos assistant. They recognized that neither the Ptolemaic (geocentric) or Copernican (heliocentric) models could predict Mars positions as precisely as they could measure them. Tycho died in 1601, after which Kepler had full access to Tychos's data. He analyzed the data for 8 years and tried to calculate an orbit that would correspond to the data, but was unable to do so. Later, Kepler determined that the orbits were not circular but elliptic.[SEP] Later, at the University of Padua, Copernicus studied medicine, which was closely associated with astrology at the time.
Galileo Galilei (1564-1642) was a very important person in the development of modern astronomy, both because of his direct contribution to astronomy, and because of his work in physics. He provided the crucial observations that proved Copernican's hypothesis, and also laid the foundation for a correct understanding of how objects moved to the surface of the earth and gravity. With considerable justification, Galileo could be regarded as the father of both modern astronomy and modern physics. Galileo did not invent the telescope, but he was the first to turn his telescope towards the sky to systematically study the skies. His telescope was poorer than even a cheap modern amateur telescope, but what he observed in the skies showed errors in Aristotle's opinion of the universe and the world view he supported. Observations made through the Galileo telescope clearly showed that Aristotle's earth-centered solar system was not properly displaced. As church officials had made some of Aristotle's opinions part of the church's religious views, proving that Aristotle's views were incorrect also pointed out shortcomings in the church. Galileo observed four points of light that changed their positions around the planet Jupiter and concluded that they are moons orbiting Jupiter. These observations showed that there were new things in the heavens that Aristotle and Ptolemy had not known. In addition, they demonstrated that a planet could have moons around it that would not be left behind as the planet moved around its orbit. One of the arguments against the Copernican system had been that if the moon were in orbit around the Earth and the Earth in orbit around the Sun, the Earth would leave the Moon behind as it moved around its orbit. Galileo used his telescope to show that Venus, like the moon, went through a complete set of phases. This observation was extremely important because it was the first observation that was compatible with the Copernican system, but not with the Ptolemaic system. In the ptolemaic system, Venus should always be in phase of crescent as seen from the Earth because the sun is beyond Venus, but in the copernican system Venus should present a complete set of phases over time as seen from the Earth because it is illuminated from the center of its orbit. It is important to note that it was the first empirical evidence (nearly a century after Copernicus) that allowed a definitive test of both models. To this point, the Ptolemaic and Copernicus models described the available data. The main attraction of the Copernican system was that it described the data in a simpler way, but here was finally conclusive proof that not only the ptolemaic universe was more complicated, it was also incorrect. As every new observation has been brought to light, more and more doubt has been cast upon the ancient views of heaven. It also raises the question of credibility: can we trust the authority of Aristotle and Ptolemy about the nature of the Universe if there were so many things in the Universe that they were not aware of and/or inaccurate about? Galileos challenge the authority of the Churches by its refutation of the Aristotelian concept of the Universe eventually put it in a deep trouble. Towards the end of his life, he was forced, under the threat of torture, to publicly refuse his views of Copernican and spent his last years under house arrest. Galileo's life is a sad example of the conflict between scientific method and undisputed authority. Sir Isaac Newton (1642-1727), who was born the same year that Galileo died, will use Galileo's ideas to demonstrate that the laws of movement in the heavens and the laws of movement on earth are the same. Galileo therefore began, and Newton finished, a synthesis of astronomy and physics in which astronomy was recognized only as part of physics, and Aristotle's opinions were almost completely eliminated from both. Many scientists regard Newton as an Einstein peer in scientific thinking. Newtons' achievements were even greater than Einstein's. The poet Alexander Pope wrote of Newton: The laws of Nature and Nature were hidden in the night; God said: May Newton be! And everything was light. In terms of astronomy, Newton gave Keplers Laws reasons and corrections. Kepler had proposed three laws of the planetary movement based on Tycho Brahes data. These laws were supposed to apply only to the movements of the planets. Moreover, they were purely empirical, i.e. they were working, but no one knew why they were working. Newton's changed all this. First, he demonstrated that the movement of objects on Earth could be described by three new laws of the movement, then he continued to show that Keplers three laws of the planetary movement were only special cases of three laws of Newtons when his gravitational force was applied to exist among all masses in the Universe. In fact, Newton showed that the Keplers laws of the planetary movement were only approximately correct, and provided the quantitative corrections that with careful observations proved valid.[SEP] His contributions directly to astronomy, and
Galileo Galilei (1564-1642) was a very important person in the development of modern astronomy, both because of his direct contribution to astronomy, and because of his work in physics. He provided the crucial observations that proved Copernican's hypothesis, and also laid the foundation for a correct understanding of how objects moved to the surface of the earth and gravity. With considerable justification, Galileo could be regarded as the father of both modern astronomy and modern physics. Galileo did not invent the telescope, but he was the first to turn his telescope towards the sky to systematically study the skies. His telescope was poorer than even a cheap modern amateur telescope, but what he observed in the skies showed errors in Aristotle's opinion of the universe and the world view he supported. Observations made through the Galileo telescope clearly showed that Aristotle's earth-centered solar system was not properly displaced. As church officials had made some of Aristotle's opinions part of the church's religious views, proving that Aristotle's views were incorrect also pointed out shortcomings in the church. Galileo observed four points of light that changed their positions around the planet Jupiter and concluded that they are moons orbiting Jupiter. These observations showed that there were new things in the heavens that Aristotle and Ptolemy had not known. In addition, they demonstrated that a planet could have moons around it that would not be left behind as the planet moved around its orbit. One of the arguments against the Copernican system had been that if the moon were in orbit around the Earth and the Earth in orbit around the Sun, the Earth would leave the Moon behind as it moved around its orbit. Galileo used his telescope to show that Venus, like the moon, went through a complete set of phases. This observation was extremely important because it was the first observation that was compatible with the Copernican system, but not with the Ptolemaic system. In the ptolemaic system, Venus should always be in phase of crescent as seen from the Earth because the sun is beyond Venus, but in the copernican system Venus should present a complete set of phases over time as seen from the Earth because it is illuminated from the center of its orbit. It is important to note that it was the first empirical evidence (nearly a century after Copernicus) that allowed a definitive test of both models. To this point, the Ptolemaic and Copernicus models described the available data. The main attraction of the Copernican system was that it described the data in a simpler way, but here was finally conclusive proof that not only the ptolemaic universe was more complicated, it was also incorrect. As every new observation has been brought to light, more and more doubt has been cast upon the ancient views of heaven. It also raises the question of credibility: can we trust the authority of Aristotle and Ptolemy about the nature of the Universe if there were so many things in the Universe that they were not aware of and/or inaccurate about? Galileos challenge the authority of the Churches by its refutation of the Aristotelian concept of the Universe eventually put it in a deep trouble. Towards the end of his life, he was forced, under the threat of torture, to publicly refuse his views of Copernican and spent his last years under house arrest. Galileo's life is a sad example of the conflict between scientific method and undisputed authority. Sir Isaac Newton (1642-1727), who was born the same year that Galileo died, will use Galileo's ideas to demonstrate that the laws of movement in the heavens and the laws of movement on earth are the same. Galileo therefore began, and Newton finished, a synthesis of astronomy and physics in which astronomy was recognized only as part of physics, and Aristotle's opinions were almost completely eliminated from both. Many scientists regard Newton as an Einstein peer in scientific thinking. Newtons' achievements were even greater than Einstein's. The poet Alexander Pope wrote of Newton: The laws of Nature and Nature were hidden in the night; God said: May Newton be! And everything was light. In terms of astronomy, Newton gave Keplers Laws reasons and corrections. Kepler had proposed three laws of the planetary movement based on Tycho Brahes data. These laws were supposed to apply only to the movements of the planets. Moreover, they were purely empirical, i.e. they were working, but no one knew why they were working. Newton's changed all this. First, he demonstrated that the movement of objects on Earth could be described by three new laws of the movement, then he continued to show that Keplers three laws of the planetary movement were only special cases of three laws of Newtons when his gravitational force was applied to exist among all masses in the Universe. In fact, Newton showed that the Keplers laws of the planetary movement were only approximately correct, and provided the quantitative corrections that with careful observations proved valid.[SEP] Galileo Galilei (1564-1642) was a very important person in the development of modern astronomy, both
The tides are the daily rise and fall of the sea level at any given place. The attraction of the gravity of the Moons on Earth is the main cause of the tides and the attraction of the gravity of the Suns on Earth is the secondary cause (Figure 1.1). The Moon has a larger effect because, although it is much smaller than the Sun, it is much closer. The traction of the moons is about double that of the suns. To understand the tides, it is easier to start with the effect of the Moon on Earth. As the Moon revolves around our planet, its gravity draws the Earth towards it. The lithosphere is unable to move much, but the water is drawn by gravity and swelling is created. This swelling is the high tide under the Moon. On the other side of the Earth, a high tide is produced where the moons shoot the weakest. These two muds of water on the opposite sides of the Earth aligned with the Moon are the high tides. The places directly between the high tides are the low tides. As the Earth turns under the Moon, only one place will experience two high tides and two low tides each day. High tides occur approximately every 12 hours and 25 minutes. The reason is that the Moon takes 24 hours and 50 minutes to turn once around the Earth, so that the Moon is above the same place every 24 hours and 50 minutes. As high tides occur twice a day, we arrive every 12 hours and 25 minutes. What is the time between a high tide and the next low tide? The gravity of the Sun also attracts water from the Earth to it and causes its own tides. Because the Sun is so far away, its attraction is smaller than the Moons. Some coastal areas do not follow this trend at all. These coastal areas may have a high tide and a low tide per day or a different amount of time between two high tides. These differences are often due to local conditions, such as the shape of the tide's coastline. The gravitational attraction of the Moon to ocean water creates high and low tides.[SEP] Local conditions, such as the shape of the coast as the tide between
The tides are the daily rise and fall of the sea level at any given place. The attraction of the gravity of the Moons on Earth is the main cause of the tides and the attraction of the gravity of the Suns on Earth is the secondary cause (Figure 1.1). The Moon has a larger effect because, although it is much smaller than the Sun, it is much closer. The traction of the moons is about double that of the suns. To understand the tides, it is easier to start with the effect of the Moon on Earth. As the Moon revolves around our planet, its gravity draws the Earth towards it. The lithosphere is unable to move much, but the water is drawn by gravity and swelling is created. This swelling is the high tide under the Moon. On the other side of the Earth, a high tide is produced where the moons shoot the weakest. These two muds of water on the opposite sides of the Earth aligned with the Moon are the high tides. The places directly between the high tides are the low tides. As the Earth turns under the Moon, only one place will experience two high tides and two low tides each day. High tides occur approximately every 12 hours and 25 minutes. The reason is that the Moon takes 24 hours and 50 minutes to turn once around the Earth, so that the Moon is above the same place every 24 hours and 50 minutes. As high tides occur twice a day, we arrive every 12 hours and 25 minutes. What is the time between a high tide and the next low tide? The gravity of the Sun also attracts water from the Earth to it and causes its own tides. Because the Sun is so far away, its attraction is smaller than the Moons. Some coastal areas do not follow this trend at all. These coastal areas may have a high tide and a low tide per day or a different amount of time between two high tides. These differences are often due to local conditions, such as the shape of the tide's coastline. The gravitational attraction of the Moon to ocean water creates high and low tides.[SEP] These differences are often
Any city can have photochemical smog, but it is the most common in sunny and dry places. An increase in the number of vehicles in cities around the world has increased photochemical smog. Nitrogen oxides, ozone and several other compounds are some of the components of this type of air pollution. Photochemical smog is formed when the exhaust from the car is exposed to sunlight. Nitrogen oxide is created by burning gas in cars and then in the air (Figure 1.3). In the presence of sun, NO2 divides and releases an oxygen ion (O). O then combines with an oxygen molecule (O2) to form ozone (O3). This reaction can also be reversed: nitric oxide (NO) removes an oxygen atom from the ozone to make it O2. The direction of reaction depends on the amount of NO2 and NO. If NO2 is three times more abundant than NO, ozone will be produced. If nitric oxide levels are high, ozone will not be created. The brown colour of the air behind the Golden Gate Bridge is typical of California cities because of nitrogen oxides. Ozone is one of the major secondary pollutants. It is created by a chemical reaction that takes place in the exhaust gas and in the presence of sunlight. The gas is acrid-smelling and whitish. Warm and dry cities surrounded by mountains, such as Los Angeles, Phoenix and Denver, are particularly prone to photochemical smog. Photochemical smog peaks at noon on the warmest days of summer. Ozone is also a greenhouse gas.[SEP] Nitrogen oxides
Any city can have photochemical smog, but it is the most common in sunny and dry places. An increase in the number of vehicles in cities around the world has increased photochemical smog. Nitrogen oxides, ozone and several other compounds are some of the components of this type of air pollution. Photochemical smog is formed when the exhaust from the car is exposed to sunlight. Nitrogen oxide is created by burning gas in cars and then in the air (Figure 1.3). In the presence of sun, NO2 divides and releases an oxygen ion (O). O then combines with an oxygen molecule (O2) to form ozone (O3). This reaction can also be reversed: nitric oxide (NO) removes an oxygen atom from the ozone to make it O2. The direction of reaction depends on the amount of NO2 and NO. If NO2 is three times more abundant than NO, ozone will be produced. If nitric oxide levels are high, ozone will not be created. The brown colour of the air behind the Golden Gate Bridge is typical of California cities because of nitrogen oxides. Ozone is one of the major secondary pollutants. It is created by a chemical reaction that takes place in the exhaust gas and in the presence of sunlight. The gas is acrid-smelling and whitish. Warm and dry cities surrounded by mountains, such as Los Angeles, Phoenix and Denver, are particularly prone to photochemical smog. Photochemical smog peaks at noon on the warmest days of summer. Ozone is also a greenhouse gas.[SEP] The brown colour of the air behind the Golden Gate Bridge is typical of California cities
The water molecules in the waves form circles or ellipses (Figure 1.1). Energy is transferred between molecules, but the molecules themselves largely bob up and down in place. The circles show the movement of a molecule of water in a wave of wind. The energy of the waves is greater at the surface and decreases with depth. " One" shows that a molecule of water moves in a circular movement in deep water ". B" shows that molecules in shallow water move in an elliptical path because of the ocean floor.[SEP] The bottom of the ocean
The water molecules in the waves form circles or ellipses (Figure 1.1). Energy is transferred between molecules, but the molecules themselves largely bob up and down in place. The circles show the movement of a molecule of water in a wave of wind. The energy of the waves is greater at the surface and decreases with depth. " One" shows that a molecule of water moves in a circular movement in deep water ". B" shows that molecules in shallow water move in an elliptical path because of the ocean floor.[SEP] B" shows that molecules in shallow water travel in an elliptical path
The dermis is the inner layer of the skin. It is made of hard connective tissue. The dermis is attached to the epidermis by fibers made of protein collagen. The dermis is the place where most of the skin structures are located. Look again at the face pain, pressure, and temperature. If you cut your skin and it bleeds, the cut has penetrated the dermis and damaged a blood vessel. The cut probably also hurts because of the nerve endings in this layer of skin. The dermis also contains hair follicles and two types of glands. Some of these structures can be seen in Figure 16.8. Hair follicles are structures from which hair comes. Each hair grows from a follicle, passes through the epidermis and extends above the surface of the skin. Sebaceous glands are commonly called oilseed glands. They produce an oily substance called sebum. Sebum is secreted in the hair follicles. Then he makes his way along the hair tree on the surface of the skin. Sebum waterproofs hair and skin and helps prevent them from drying. The sweat glands produce the salty liquid known as sweat. The sweat contains excess water, salts and other waste. Every sweating gland has a channel through the epidermis. The sweat circulates from the gland through the duct and exits through a pore on the surface of the skin.[SEP] Nervous endings in this layer of skin
The dermis is the inner layer of the skin. It is made of hard connective tissue. The dermis is attached to the epidermis by fibers made of protein collagen. The dermis is the place where most of the skin structures are located. Look again at the face pain, pressure, and temperature. If you cut your skin and it bleeds, the cut has penetrated the dermis and damaged a blood vessel. The cut probably also hurts because of the nerve endings in this layer of skin. The dermis also contains hair follicles and two types of glands. Some of these structures can be seen in Figure 16.8. Hair follicles are structures from which hair comes. Each hair grows from a follicle, passes through the epidermis and extends above the surface of the skin. Sebaceous glands are commonly called oilseed glands. They produce an oily substance called sebum. Sebum is secreted in the hair follicles. Then he makes his way along the hair tree on the surface of the skin. Sebum waterproofs hair and skin and helps prevent them from drying. The sweat glands produce the salty liquid known as sweat. The sweat contains excess water, salts and other waste. Every sweating gland has a channel through the epidermis. The sweat circulates from the gland through the duct and exits through a pore on the surface of the skin.[SEP] The cut probably hurts as well
What can you do to keep your skin healthy? The most important step you can take is to protect your skin from exposure to the sun. During sunny days, wear long sleeves and pants and a hat with a edge. Apply the sunscreen also to exposed areas of the skin. Protecting your skin in these ways will reduce the damage to your skin caused by ultraviolet light. This is important because the skin that has been damaged by ultraviolet light is more likely to develop skin cancer. This is true if the damage is caused by sunlight or light in the tanning beds. Approximately 85 per cent of adolescents develop acne, such as the boy in Figure 16.9. Acne is a condition in which the buttons form on the skin. It is caused by bacterial infection. It happens when the sebaceous glands secrete too much sebum. Excess oil provides a good place for the growth of bacteria. Keeping skin clean helps prevent acne. Non-prescription products or prescription drugs may be required if the problem is serious or not clarified by itself.[SEP] Sun or light in tanning beds
What can you do to keep your skin healthy? The most important step you can take is to protect your skin from exposure to the sun. During sunny days, wear long sleeves and pants and a hat with a edge. Apply the sunscreen also to exposed areas of the skin. Protecting your skin in these ways will reduce the damage to your skin caused by ultraviolet light. This is important because the skin that has been damaged by ultraviolet light is more likely to develop skin cancer. This is true if the damage is caused by sunlight or light in the tanning beds. Approximately 85 per cent of adolescents develop acne, such as the boy in Figure 16.9. Acne is a condition in which the buttons form on the skin. It is caused by bacterial infection. It happens when the sebaceous glands secrete too much sebum. Excess oil provides a good place for the growth of bacteria. Keeping skin clean helps prevent acne. Non-prescription products or prescription drugs may be required if the problem is serious or not clarified by itself.[SEP] It's true if the damage is
The esophagus is a long, narrow tube that transports food from the pharynx to the stomach. He has no other purpose. Food passes through the esophagus because of peristalsis. At the lower end of the esophagus, a circular muscle, called sphincter, controls the opening of the stomach. The sphincter relaxes to let food pass through the stomach. Then the sphincter contracts to prevent food from returning to the esophagus.[SEP] Peristalsis
The esophagus is a long, narrow tube that transports food from the pharynx to the stomach. He has no other purpose. Food passes through the esophagus because of peristalsis. At the lower end of the esophagus, a circular muscle, called sphincter, controls the opening of the stomach. The sphincter relaxes to let food pass through the stomach. Then the sphincter contracts to prevent food from returning to the esophagus.[SEP] Food goes through the esophagus
Blood is a liquid connective tissue. It circulates throughout the body via the blood vessels due to the pumping action of the heart. You couldn't survive without about 4.5 to 5 liters of blood that are constantly pumped through your blood vessels.[SEP] The pumping action of the heart
Blood is a liquid connective tissue. It circulates throughout the body via the blood vessels due to the pumping action of the heart. You couldn't survive without about 4.5 to 5 liters of blood that are constantly pumped through your blood vessels.[SEP] It circulates throughout the body via blood vessels.
Anemia is a disease that occurs when there is not enough hemoglobin (or iron) in the blood, so it cannot carry enough oxygen to the cells. There are many possible causes of anaemia. A possible cause is excessive blood loss due to injury or surgery. Another possible cause is not having enough iron in the diet.[SEP] An injury or surgery
Anemia is a disease that occurs when there is not enough hemoglobin (or iron) in the blood, so it cannot carry enough oxygen to the cells. There are many possible causes of anaemia. A possible cause is excessive blood loss due to injury or surgery. Another possible cause is not having enough iron in the diet.[SEP] A possible cause is excessive blood loss
Each of the trillions of cells in your body continuously performs thousands of anabolic and catabolic reactions. This is an amazing number of biochemical reactions much more than the number of chemical reactions that could occur in a scientific laboratory or chemical plant. So many biochemical reactions can occur simultaneously in our cells because biochemical reactions occur very quickly. It's because of the enzymes. Enzymes are proteins that increase the rate of biochemical reactions. Enzymes are changed or used in reactions, so they can be used to accelerate again and again the same reaction. Enzymes are very specific for some chemical reactions, so they are very effective. A reaction that would take years to occur without its enzyme could occur in a fraction of a second with the enzyme.[SEP] erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia, erythroblastopenia
Each of the trillions of cells in your body continuously performs thousands of anabolic and catabolic reactions. This is an amazing number of biochemical reactions much more than the number of chemical reactions that could occur in a scientific laboratory or chemical plant. So many biochemical reactions can occur simultaneously in our cells because biochemical reactions occur very quickly. It's because of the enzymes. Enzymes are proteins that increase the rate of biochemical reactions. Enzymes are changed or used in reactions, so they can be used to accelerate again and again the same reaction. Enzymes are very specific for some chemical reactions, so they are very effective. A reaction that would take years to occur without its enzyme could occur in a fraction of a second with the enzyme.[SEP] What is it?
The brain is divided by the middle, from the front to the back of the head. The two halves of the brain are called the right and left hemispheres. Both hemispheres are very similar but not identical. They are connected to each other by a large beam of deep axons in the brain. These axons allow the two hemispheres to communicate with each other. Did you know that the right hemisphere of the brain controls the left side of the body, and vice versa? This can happen because of the connections between the two hemispheres. Each hemisphere is divided into four parts, called lobes, as you can see in Figure 20.6. Each lobe has different functions. A function of each lobe is listed in the figure.[SEP] Connections between the two hemispheres
The brain is divided by the middle, from the front to the back of the head. The two halves of the brain are called the right and left hemispheres. Both hemispheres are very similar but not identical. They are connected to each other by a large beam of deep axons in the brain. These axons allow the two hemispheres to communicate with each other. Did you know that the right hemisphere of the brain controls the left side of the body, and vice versa? This can happen because of the connections between the two hemispheres. Each hemisphere is divided into four parts, called lobes, as you can see in Figure 20.6. Each lobe has different functions. A function of each lobe is listed in the figure.[SEP] It can happen.
The brain and spinal cord are protected inside the bones of the skeletal system, but lesions to these organs still occur. With mild injuries, there may be no lasting effect. With serious injuries, there can be a permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most often occur as a result of car accidents or sports activities. Fortunately, many injuries can be avoided by wearing safety belts and safety helmets (see figure 20.9). Avoiding unnecessary risks, such as cascades on a bike or diving into shallow water, can also reduce the risk of injuries to the brain and spinal cord. The most common type of brain injury is concussion. It's bruising on the surface of the brain. It can cause temporary symptoms such as headache and confusion. Most concussions heal for themselves in a few days or weeks. However, repeated concussion can cause permanent changes in the brain. More severe brain damage also often causes permanent brain damage. Spinal spinal cord lesions can cause paralysis. Some people recover from spinal cord injuries. However, many people remain paralyzed for life. This happens when the spinal cord can no longer transmit nerve impulses between the body and the brain.[SEP] Car accidents or sports activities
The brain and spinal cord are protected inside the bones of the skeletal system, but lesions to these organs still occur. With mild injuries, there may be no lasting effect. With serious injuries, there can be a permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most often occur as a result of car accidents or sports activities. Fortunately, many injuries can be avoided by wearing safety belts and safety helmets (see figure 20.9). Avoiding unnecessary risks, such as cascades on a bike or diving into shallow water, can also reduce the risk of injuries to the brain and spinal cord. The most common type of brain injury is concussion. It's bruising on the surface of the brain. It can cause temporary symptoms such as headache and confusion. Most concussions heal for themselves in a few days or weeks. However, repeated concussion can cause permanent changes in the brain. More severe brain damage also often causes permanent brain damage. Spinal spinal cord lesions can cause paralysis. Some people recover from spinal cord injuries. However, many people remain paralyzed for life. This happens when the spinal cord can no longer transmit nerve impulses between the body and the brain.[SEP] Brain and spinal cord injuries occur most often
Adolescence is the stage of life between the beginning of puberty and the beginning of adulthood. Adolescence begins with physical changes in puberty. It also includes many other changes, including mental, emotional and social changes. During adolescence: teenagers develop new thinking skills. For example, they develop the ability to understand abstract ideas, such as honesty and freedom. Their ability to think logically is also improving. They usually improve on problem solving as well. Teenagers try to establish a sense of identity. They generally become more and more independent from their parents. Many teenagers have emotional ups and downs. This is at least partly due to the evolution of their hormone levels. Teenagers generally begin to spend more time with their peers, such as girls in Figure 22.13. Teenagers usually spend much more time with friends and classmates than with family members.[SEP] Their changing hormone levels
Adolescence is the stage of life between the beginning of puberty and the beginning of adulthood. Adolescence begins with physical changes in puberty. It also includes many other changes, including mental, emotional and social changes. During adolescence: teenagers develop new thinking skills. For example, they develop the ability to understand abstract ideas, such as honesty and freedom. Their ability to think logically is also improving. They usually improve on problem solving as well. Teenagers try to establish a sense of identity. They generally become more and more independent from their parents. Many teenagers have emotional ups and downs. This is at least partly due to the evolution of their hormone levels. Teenagers generally begin to spend more time with their peers, such as girls in Figure 22.13. Teenagers usually spend much more time with friends and classmates than with family members.[SEP] It's at least in part.
The first members of the human species evolved about 200,000 years ago in Africa. The first humans lived in small populations of hunters and nomadic pickers. Human beings remained in Africa until about 40,000 years ago. After that, they spread throughout Europe, Asia and Australia. About 10,000 years ago, the first human beings colonized the Americas. Over this long period, the total number of human beings has increased very slowly. Birth rates were quite high, but also mortality rates, resulting in low population growth rates. Human beings invented agriculture about 10,000 years ago. This has provided a larger and more reliable food supply. It also allowed people to settle in villages and cities for the first time. Birth rates increased because there was more food and stable life had other benefits. Mortality rates have also increased due to overcrowded living conditions and diseases that spread to domestic animals. Because higher birth rates were combined with higher mortality rates, the human population continued to grow very slowly.[SEP] Overcrowded living conditions and diseases that spread from domestic animals
The first members of the human species evolved about 200,000 years ago in Africa. The first humans lived in small populations of hunters and nomadic pickers. Human beings remained in Africa until about 40,000 years ago. After that, they spread throughout Europe, Asia and Australia. About 10,000 years ago, the first human beings colonized the Americas. Over this long period, the total number of human beings has increased very slowly. Birth rates were quite high, but also mortality rates, resulting in low population growth rates. Human beings invented agriculture about 10,000 years ago. This has provided a larger and more reliable food supply. It also allowed people to settle in villages and cities for the first time. Birth rates increased because there was more food and stable life had other benefits. Mortality rates have also increased due to overcrowded living conditions and diseases that spread to domestic animals. Because higher birth rates were combined with higher mortality rates, the human population continued to grow very slowly.[SEP] Mortality rates have also increased
Water is transformed into gas by three different processes called evaporation, sublimation and perspiration. Evaporation occurs when water on Earth turns into water vapour. The sun heats the water and gives the water molecules enough energy to escape into the atmosphere. Most of the evaporation comes from the surface of the ocean. Sublimation occurs when snow and ice on the Earth's surface turn directly into water vapour without first melting to form liquid water. This also happens because of the heat of the sun. Perspiration occurs when plants release water vapour through the pores in their leaves called stomates.[SEP] The heat of the sun
Water is transformed into gas by three different processes called evaporation, sublimation and perspiration. Evaporation occurs when water on Earth turns into water vapour. The sun heats the water and gives the water molecules enough energy to escape into the atmosphere. Most of the evaporation comes from the surface of the ocean. Sublimation occurs when snow and ice on the Earth's surface turn directly into water vapour without first melting to form liquid water. This also happens because of the heat of the sun. Perspiration occurs when plants release water vapour through the pores in their leaves called stomates.[SEP] That is also the case.
Another major problem caused by air pollution is global climate change. Gases such as carbon dioxide from fossil fuel combustion increase the greenhouse effect and increase the Earth's temperature. The greenhouse effect is a natural characteristic of the Earth's atmosphere. It occurs when certain gases in the atmosphere, including carbon dioxide, irradiate the sun to the surface of the Earth. Figure 25.2 shows how this happens. Without greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, the heat would escape into space. The natural greenhouse effect of the Earth's atmosphere maintains the temperature of planets in a range that can sustain life. The increase in greenhouse gases due to human actions is too good. It increases the greenhouse effect and increases the average temperature of the Earth. The rise in global temperatures, in turn, melts polar ice caps and glaciers. Figure 25.3 shows how much the Arctic ice cap was smaller in 2012 than in 1984. With more liquid water on the Earth's surface, the sea level increases. The addition of more thermal energy to the Earth's atmosphere also causes more extreme weather conditions and changes in precipitation patterns. Global warming is already causing food and water shortages and extinction of species. These challenges will only worsen if measures are not taken to reduce global greenhouse gases and climate change.[SEP] Human actions are too good.
Another major problem caused by air pollution is global climate change. Gases such as carbon dioxide from fossil fuel combustion increase the greenhouse effect and increase the Earth's temperature. The greenhouse effect is a natural characteristic of the Earth's atmosphere. It occurs when certain gases in the atmosphere, including carbon dioxide, irradiate the sun to the surface of the Earth. Figure 25.2 shows how this happens. Without greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, the heat would escape into space. The natural greenhouse effect of the Earth's atmosphere maintains the temperature of planets in a range that can sustain life. The increase in greenhouse gases due to human actions is too good. It increases the greenhouse effect and increases the average temperature of the Earth. The rise in global temperatures, in turn, melts polar ice caps and glaciers. Figure 25.3 shows how much the Arctic ice cap was smaller in 2012 than in 1984. With more liquid water on the Earth's surface, the sea level increases. The addition of more thermal energy to the Earth's atmosphere also causes more extreme weather conditions and changes in precipitation patterns. Global warming is already causing food and water shortages and extinction of species. These challenges will only worsen if measures are not taken to reduce global greenhouse gases and climate change.[SEP] The increase in greenhouse gases
An example of point pollution is the discharge of pollution into a water body by a pipe from a plant or wastewater treatment plant. Wastewater from a plant may contain hazardous chemicals such as strong acids, mercury or lead. Water from a wastewater treatment plant may contain untreated or partially treated wastewater. Such pollution can make water dangerous to alcohol or other uses. You can learn more about the problem of wastewater contamination in American coastal communities by watching this video: MEDIA Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL: In poor nations, many people have no choice but to drink water from polluted sources. Consumption of water contaminated with wastewater causes waterborne diseases due to pathogens such as protozoa, viruses or bacteria. Most waterborne diseases cause diarrhea.[SEP] Pathogens such as protozoa, viruses or bacteria
An example of point pollution is the discharge of pollution into a water body by a pipe from a plant or wastewater treatment plant. Wastewater from a plant may contain hazardous chemicals such as strong acids, mercury or lead. Water from a wastewater treatment plant may contain untreated or partially treated wastewater. Such pollution can make water dangerous to alcohol or other uses. You can learn more about the problem of wastewater contamination in American coastal communities by watching this video: MEDIA Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL: In poor nations, many people have no choice but to drink water from polluted sources. Consumption of water contaminated with wastewater causes waterborne diseases due to pathogens such as protozoa, viruses or bacteria. Most waterborne diseases cause diarrhea.[SEP] Drinking water contaminated with wastewater causes waterborne diseases
If heated water is released into a body of water, it can cause thermal pollution. Thermal pollution is a reduction in water quality due to an increase in water temperature. A common cause of thermal pollution is the use of water as a refrigerant by power plants and plants. This water is heated and then returned to the natural environment at a higher temperature. Hot water cannot contain as much dissolved oxygen as fresh water, so an increase in water temperature reduces the amount of oxygen it contains. Fish and other organisms adapted to a particular temperature range and oxygen concentration can be killed by changing water temperatures.[SEP] An increase in water temperature
If heated water is released into a body of water, it can cause thermal pollution. Thermal pollution is a reduction in water quality due to an increase in water temperature. A common cause of thermal pollution is the use of water as a refrigerant by power plants and plants. This water is heated and then returned to the natural environment at a higher temperature. Hot water cannot contain as much dissolved oxygen as fresh water, so an increase in water temperature reduces the amount of oxygen it contains. Fish and other organisms adapted to a particular temperature range and oxygen concentration can be killed by changing water temperatures.[SEP] Thermal pollution is a reduction in water quality
The shift to renewable sources of energy solves many of the problems associated with non-renewable energy. Although it may be costly to develop renewable energy sources, they are clearly the way forward. Figure 25.11 represents three different renewable energy sources: solar, wind and biomass. The three types are described below. You can watch Bill Nyes' introduction to renewable energy sources in this video: MEDIA Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL: Solar energy is the energy provided by sunlight. Solar cells can turn sunlight into electricity. The energy of sunlight is virtually unlimited and free and does not create any pollution to use. Wind energy is the energy supplied by the blowing wind. Wind turbines, such as those in Figure 25.11, can transform wind energy into electricity. The wind blows because of the differences in the heating of the Earth's atmosphere by the sun. There will never be a shortage of wind. Biomass energy is the energy provided by the combustion or decomposition of organic matter. For example, when garbage decomposes in a landfill, it releases methane. This gas can be captured and burned to produce electricity. Crops such as corn can also be converted into liquid fuel and added to gasoline. Although biomass is renewable, combustion produces carbon dioxide, similar to fossil fuels.[SEP] Differences in the heating of the Earth's atmosphere by the sun
The shift to renewable sources of energy solves many of the problems associated with non-renewable energy. Although it may be costly to develop renewable energy sources, they are clearly the way forward. Figure 25.11 represents three different renewable energy sources: solar, wind and biomass. The three types are described below. You can watch Bill Nyes' introduction to renewable energy sources in this video: MEDIA Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL: Solar energy is the energy provided by sunlight. Solar cells can turn sunlight into electricity. The energy of sunlight is virtually unlimited and free and does not create any pollution to use. Wind energy is the energy supplied by the blowing wind. Wind turbines, such as those in Figure 25.11, can transform wind energy into electricity. The wind blows because of the differences in the heating of the Earth's atmosphere by the sun. There will never be a shortage of wind. Biomass energy is the energy provided by the combustion or decomposition of organic matter. For example, when garbage decomposes in a landfill, it releases methane. This gas can be captured and burned to produce electricity. Crops such as corn can also be converted into liquid fuel and added to gasoline. Although biomass is renewable, combustion produces carbon dioxide, similar to fossil fuels.[SEP] The wind blows
Cellular respiration takes place in the cells of all organisms. It occurs in autotrophices such as plants and heterotrophices such as animals. Cell respiration begins in the cytoplasm of the cells. It is completed in mitochondria. Mitochondrion is a membrane-closed organ in the cytoplasm. Its sometimes called the "powerhouse" of the cell because of its role in cellular breathing. Figure 4.12 shows the mitochondrion parts involved in cellular respiration.[SEP] Its role in cellular breathing
Cellular respiration takes place in the cells of all organisms. It occurs in autotrophices such as plants and heterotrophices such as animals. Cell respiration begins in the cytoplasm of the cells. It is completed in mitochondria. Mitochondrion is a membrane-closed organ in the cytoplasm. Its sometimes called the "powerhouse" of the cell because of its role in cellular breathing. Figure 4.12 shows the mitochondrion parts involved in cellular respiration.[SEP] His sometimes called "powerhouse" in the cell
Mutations have many possible causes. Some mutations occur when an error is made during DNA replication or transcription. Other mutations occur due to environmental factors. Everything that causes a mutation in the environment is known as mutagen. Examples of mutagens are shown in Figure 5.21. They include ultraviolet rays in the sun, chemicals in cigarette smoke, and certain viruses and bacteria.[SEP] Environmental factors
Mutations have many possible causes. Some mutations occur when an error is made during DNA replication or transcription. Other mutations occur due to environmental factors. Everything that causes a mutation in the environment is known as mutagen. Examples of mutagens are shown in Figure 5.21. They include ultraviolet rays in the sun, chemicals in cigarette smoke, and certain viruses and bacteria.[SEP] Other mutations occur
We now know how the variation of characters is inherited. Character variation is controlled by different alleles for genes. The alleles, in turn, passed to the gametes, then to the offspring. Evolution occurs because of changes in alleles over time. How long? It depends on the time scale of the evolution you consider. The evolution that occurs over a short period of time is known as microevolution. It could take place in just a few generations. This scale of change occurs at the population level. The subsidies observed a trend at this scale in Darwins plough populations. The beak size of fin populations has changed in just two years due to severe drought. The evolution that occurs over a long period of time is called macroevolution. It could take millions of years. This scale of evolution is above the level of the species. Fossils provide evidence of evolution on this scale. The evolution of the horse family, illustrated in Figure 7.13, is an example of macroevolution.[SEP] Variations in alleles over time
We now know how the variation of characters is inherited. Character variation is controlled by different alleles for genes. The alleles, in turn, passed to the gametes, then to the offspring. Evolution occurs because of changes in alleles over time. How long? It depends on the time scale of the evolution you consider. The evolution that occurs over a short period of time is known as microevolution. It could take place in just a few generations. This scale of change occurs at the population level. The subsidies observed a trend at this scale in Darwins plough populations. The beak size of fin populations has changed in just two years due to severe drought. The evolution that occurs over a long period of time is called macroevolution. It could take millions of years. This scale of evolution is above the level of the species. Fossils provide evidence of evolution on this scale. The evolution of the horse family, illustrated in Figure 7.13, is an example of macroevolution.[SEP] The evolution is taking place
Photoynthetic bacteria use the energy of the sun to make their own food. In the presence of sun, carbon dioxide and water transform into glucose and oxygen. Glucose is then converted into usable energy. Glucose is like "food" for bacteria. An example of photosynthetic bacteria is cyanobacteria, as seen in the opening image. These bacteria are sometimes called blue-green algae, although they are not algae, due to their numerous chlorophyll molecules.[SEP] Their many chlorophyll molecules
Photoynthetic bacteria use the energy of the sun to make their own food. In the presence of sun, carbon dioxide and water transform into glucose and oxygen. Glucose is then converted into usable energy. Glucose is like "food" for bacteria. An example of photosynthetic bacteria is cyanobacteria, as seen in the opening image. These bacteria are sometimes called blue-green algae, although they are not algae, due to their numerous chlorophyll molecules.[SEP] These bacteria are sometimes called blue-green algae, although they are not algae
Atherosclerosis in the arteries of the brain can also lead to a stroke. A stroke is a loss of brain function due to a blockage of the brain's blood supply. Risk factors for stroke include old age, high blood pressure, anterior stroke, diabetes, high cholesterol and smoking. The best way to reduce the risk of stroke is to have low blood pressure.[SEP] A blockage of the brain's blood supply
Atherosclerosis in the arteries of the brain can also lead to a stroke. A stroke is a loss of brain function due to a blockage of the brain's blood supply. Risk factors for stroke include old age, high blood pressure, anterior stroke, diabetes, high cholesterol and smoking. The best way to reduce the risk of stroke is to have low blood pressure.[SEP] A stroke is a loss of brain function
Type 2 diabetes occurs when the body cells are no longer sensitive to insulin. The pancreas can still produce insulin, but the body cells cannot use it effectively. Being overweight and having high blood pressure increase the chances of developing type 2 diabetes. Type 2 diabetes usually develops in adulthood, but becomes more common in adolescents and children. This is because more young people are overweight, because of a diet rich in sugar and fat, now than ever before. Some cases of type 2 diabetes can be cured with weight loss. However, most people with the disease must take medication to control their blood sugar levels. Regular exercise and balanced diet also help, and should be a regular part of treatment for these people. Like people with type 1 diabetes, people with type 2 diabetes frequently have to check their blood sugar levels.[SEP] A diet rich in sugar and fat, now as never before
Type 2 diabetes occurs when the body cells are no longer sensitive to insulin. The pancreas can still produce insulin, but the body cells cannot use it effectively. Being overweight and having high blood pressure increase the chances of developing type 2 diabetes. Type 2 diabetes usually develops in adulthood, but becomes more common in adolescents and children. This is because more young people are overweight, because of a diet rich in sugar and fat, now than ever before. Some cases of type 2 diabetes can be cured with weight loss. However, most people with the disease must take medication to control their blood sugar levels. Regular exercise and balanced diet also help, and should be a regular part of treatment for these people. Like people with type 1 diabetes, people with type 2 diabetes frequently have to check their blood sugar levels.[SEP] That's because more young people are overweight.
The mouth is the first organ that enters food. But digestion can start before even putting the first bite of food in your mouth. Just see or smell food can cause the release of saliva and digestive enzymes in your mouth. This diagram shows how the muscles grow food through the digestive system. Muscle contractions move through the system in waves, pushing the food in front of them. That's what we call peristalsia. Once you start eating, the saliva wets the food, making it easier to separate and swallow. Digestive enzymes, including the enzyme amylase, begin to break down starches into sugars. Your language helps to mix food with saliva and enzymes. Your teeth also help digest food. Your front teeth are sharp. They cut and tear food when you bite in it. Your back teeth are wide and flat. They grind the food into smaller pieces when you chew. Grounding is part of mechanical digestion. Your tongue pushes food to the back of your mouth so you can swallow it. When you swallow, the mass of chewed food passes through your throat to your esophagus. The esophagus is a narrow tube that carries food from the throat to the stomach. Food passes through the esophagus because of peristalsis. At the lower end of the esophagus, a circular muscle controls the opening of the stomach. The muscle relaxes to let food pass through the stomach. Then the muscle contract again to prevent food from returning to the esophagus. Some think that gravity moves food through the esophagus. If that were true, the food would move through the esophagus only when you are sitting or standing. In fact, because of peristalsia, food can move through the esophagus no matter what position you are upside down! Just don't try to swallow the food when you're upside down you could choke! The stomach is a bag-like organ at the end of the esophagus. He's got thick muscle walls. The muscles contract and relax. This moves the food around and helps break it into small pieces. Mixing foods with enzyme pepsin and other chemicals helps digest proteins. Water, salt and simple sugars can be absorbed into the blood of the stomach. Most other substances further decompose in the small intestine before being absorbed. The stomach stores the food until the small intestine is ready to receive it. A circular muscle controls the opening between the stomach and the small intestine. When the small intestine is empty, the muscle relaxes. This allows food to pass from the stomach to the small intestine.[SEP] Peristalsis
The mouth is the first organ that enters food. But digestion can start before even putting the first bite of food in your mouth. Just see or smell food can cause the release of saliva and digestive enzymes in your mouth. This diagram shows how the muscles grow food through the digestive system. Muscle contractions move through the system in waves, pushing the food in front of them. That's what we call peristalsia. Once you start eating, the saliva wets the food, making it easier to separate and swallow. Digestive enzymes, including the enzyme amylase, begin to break down starches into sugars. Your language helps to mix food with saliva and enzymes. Your teeth also help digest food. Your front teeth are sharp. They cut and tear food when you bite in it. Your back teeth are wide and flat. They grind the food into smaller pieces when you chew. Grounding is part of mechanical digestion. Your tongue pushes food to the back of your mouth so you can swallow it. When you swallow, the mass of chewed food passes through your throat to your esophagus. The esophagus is a narrow tube that carries food from the throat to the stomach. Food passes through the esophagus because of peristalsis. At the lower end of the esophagus, a circular muscle controls the opening of the stomach. The muscle relaxes to let food pass through the stomach. Then the muscle contract again to prevent food from returning to the esophagus. Some think that gravity moves food through the esophagus. If that were true, the food would move through the esophagus only when you are sitting or standing. In fact, because of peristalsia, food can move through the esophagus no matter what position you are upside down! Just don't try to swallow the food when you're upside down you could choke! The stomach is a bag-like organ at the end of the esophagus. He's got thick muscle walls. The muscles contract and relax. This moves the food around and helps break it into small pieces. Mixing foods with enzyme pepsin and other chemicals helps digest proteins. Water, salt and simple sugars can be absorbed into the blood of the stomach. Most other substances further decompose in the small intestine before being absorbed. The stomach stores the food until the small intestine is ready to receive it. A circular muscle controls the opening between the stomach and the small intestine. When the small intestine is empty, the muscle relaxes. This allows food to pass from the stomach to the small intestine.[SEP] Food goes through the esophagus
Like other parts of the body, the nervous system can develop tumors. A tumor is a mass of cells that develops out of control. A tumor in the brain can press on normal brain tissue. This can cause headaches, trouble talking, or other problems, depending on where the tumor is located. The pressure of a tumor can even cause permanent brain damage. In many cases, brain tumours can be eliminated by surgery. In other cases, tumours cannot be removed without further damage to the brain. In these cases, other types of treatments may be required. Brain palsy is a disease caused by a developing brain injury. The injury occurs before, during or shortly after birth. Brain palsy is more common in babies with low birth weight. But the cause of brain damage is not often known. The disease usually affects the parts of the brain that control body movements. Symptoms range from weak muscles in mild cases to difficulty walking and speaking in more severe cases. There is no known cure for cerebral paralysis. Epilepsy is a disease that causes seizures. A crisis is a period of lost consciousness that may include violent muscle contractions. It is caused by abnormal electrical activity in the brain. The cause of epilepsy may be an infection, brain injury or tumor. Epilepsy seizures can often be controlled by medicine. There is no known cure for the disease, but children with epilepsy can surpass it by adulthood. Headache is a very common problem of the nervous system. Headaches can be a symptom of serious diseases, but they are more often due to muscle tension. A tension headache occurs when the muscles of the shoulders, neck and head become too tense. This often happens when people are stressed. Just trying to relax can help relieve this kind of headache. Mild analgesics such as ibuprofen can also help. Sometimes relaxation is the best medicine for tension headache and to help muscles get rid of pain. A migraine is a more severe type of headache. It occurs when the blood vessels in the head dilate, or develop. This can be triggered by certain foods, bright lights, climate change, or other factors. People with migraines may also have nausea or other symptoms. Fortunately, migraines can often be relieved by prescription drugs. There are many other diseases of the nervous system. They include multiple sclerosis, Huntingtons disease, Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease. However, these diseases rarely, if ever, occur in young people. Their causes and symptoms are listed below (Table 1.1). Diseases have no known cure, but drugs can help control their symptoms. Disease Multiple Sclerosis Cause The immune system attacks and damages the central nervous system, so that the neurons cannot function nor-mal. Symptoms Muscle weakness, difficulty moving, coordination problems, difficulty maintaining the body with Parkinson's disease Alzheimer's disease[SEP] Muscle tension
Like other parts of the body, the nervous system can develop tumors. A tumor is a mass of cells that develops out of control. A tumor in the brain can press on normal brain tissue. This can cause headaches, trouble talking, or other problems, depending on where the tumor is located. The pressure of a tumor can even cause permanent brain damage. In many cases, brain tumours can be eliminated by surgery. In other cases, tumours cannot be removed without further damage to the brain. In these cases, other types of treatments may be required. Brain palsy is a disease caused by a developing brain injury. The injury occurs before, during or shortly after birth. Brain palsy is more common in babies with low birth weight. But the cause of brain damage is not often known. The disease usually affects the parts of the brain that control body movements. Symptoms range from weak muscles in mild cases to difficulty walking and speaking in more severe cases. There is no known cure for cerebral paralysis. Epilepsy is a disease that causes seizures. A crisis is a period of lost consciousness that may include violent muscle contractions. It is caused by abnormal electrical activity in the brain. The cause of epilepsy may be an infection, brain injury or tumor. Epilepsy seizures can often be controlled by medicine. There is no known cure for the disease, but children with epilepsy can surpass it by adulthood. Headache is a very common problem of the nervous system. Headaches can be a symptom of serious diseases, but they are more often due to muscle tension. A tension headache occurs when the muscles of the shoulders, neck and head become too tense. This often happens when people are stressed. Just trying to relax can help relieve this kind of headache. Mild analgesics such as ibuprofen can also help. Sometimes relaxation is the best medicine for tension headache and to help muscles get rid of pain. A migraine is a more severe type of headache. It occurs when the blood vessels in the head dilate, or develop. This can be triggered by certain foods, bright lights, climate change, or other factors. People with migraines may also have nausea or other symptoms. Fortunately, migraines can often be relieved by prescription drugs. There are many other diseases of the nervous system. They include multiple sclerosis, Huntingtons disease, Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease. However, these diseases rarely, if ever, occur in young people. Their causes and symptoms are listed below (Table 1.1). Diseases have no known cure, but drugs can help control their symptoms. Disease Multiple Sclerosis Cause The immune system attacks and damages the central nervous system, so that the neurons cannot function nor-mal. Symptoms Muscle weakness, difficulty moving, coordination problems, difficulty maintaining the body with Parkinson's disease Alzheimer's disease[SEP] Headaches may be a symptom of serious illness, but they are more common
As mentioned above, echinoderms show radial symmetry. Other key features of echinoderm include an internal skeleton and thorns, as well as some organs and organ systems. Although the echinoderms look like a hard exterior, they do not have an external skeleton. Instead, a thin outer skin covers an inner skeleton in tiny plaques and thorns. This provides rigid support. Some echinoderm groups, such as sea urchins (Figure 1.2), have thorns that protect the body. Sea cucumbers use these thorns to help them move. A star of the sea (left) and a dollar of sand (right), showing the characteristic radial symmetry of the echinoderms. Starfish are also known as starfish. Another echinoderm, a sea urchin (Echi- nudes esculentus), showing its thorns. Echinoderms have a unique vascular water system. This network of tubes filled with liquid helps them breathe, eat and move. Therefore, they can operate without gill slots. Echinoderms also have a very simple digestive system, the circulatory system and the nervous system. The digestive system often leads directly from mouth to anus. Echinoderms have an open circulatory system, which means that the fluid moves freely in the cavity of the body. But echinoderms have no heart. This may be due to their simple radial symmetry - a heart is not necessary to pump the fluid in free motion. The nervous system of echinoderm is a nervous network, or neurons interconnected without a central brain. Many echinoderms have amazing regeneration powers. For example, some starfish are able to regenerate lost arms. In some cases, lost arms have been observed to regenerate a second complete starfish! Sea cucumbers often release parts of their internal organs if they perceive the danger. The organs and tissues released are then rapidly regenerated.[SEP] Their simple radial symmetry - a heart is not necessary to pump the fluid in free motion
As mentioned above, echinoderms show radial symmetry. Other key features of echinoderm include an internal skeleton and thorns, as well as some organs and organ systems. Although the echinoderms look like a hard exterior, they do not have an external skeleton. Instead, a thin outer skin covers an inner skeleton in tiny plaques and thorns. This provides rigid support. Some echinoderm groups, such as sea urchins (Figure 1.2), have thorns that protect the body. Sea cucumbers use these thorns to help them move. A star of the sea (left) and a dollar of sand (right), showing the characteristic radial symmetry of the echinoderms. Starfish are also known as starfish. Another echinoderm, a sea urchin (Echi- nudes esculentus), showing its thorns. Echinoderms have a unique vascular water system. This network of tubes filled with liquid helps them breathe, eat and move. Therefore, they can operate without gill slots. Echinoderms also have a very simple digestive system, the circulatory system and the nervous system. The digestive system often leads directly from mouth to anus. Echinoderms have an open circulatory system, which means that the fluid moves freely in the cavity of the body. But echinoderms have no heart. This may be due to their simple radial symmetry - a heart is not necessary to pump the fluid in free motion. The nervous system of echinoderm is a nervous network, or neurons interconnected without a central brain. Many echinoderms have amazing regeneration powers. For example, some starfish are able to regenerate lost arms. In some cases, lost arms have been observed to regenerate a second complete starfish! Sea cucumbers often release parts of their internal organs if they perceive the danger. The organs and tissues released are then rapidly regenerated.[SEP] It may be a question of
Insecurity of water supplies has a drastic impact on human health. Waterborne diseases are diseases caused by microscopic pathogens present in freshwater. These diseases can be caused by protozoa, viruses, bacteria and intestinal parasites. In many parts of the world, there are no water treatment plants. If wastewater or animal manure enters a river, downstream people will become sick when they drink water. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), diarrhoeal disease is responsible for 1.8 million deaths each year. It is estimated that 88% of cases of diarrhoeal disease are caused by unsafe water supplies.[SEP] Microscopic pathogens in freshwater
Insecurity of water supplies has a drastic impact on human health. Waterborne diseases are diseases caused by microscopic pathogens present in freshwater. These diseases can be caused by protozoa, viruses, bacteria and intestinal parasites. In many parts of the world, there are no water treatment plants. If wastewater or animal manure enters a river, downstream people will become sick when they drink water. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), diarrhoeal disease is responsible for 1.8 million deaths each year. It is estimated that 88% of cases of diarrhoeal disease are caused by unsafe water supplies.[SEP] Waterborne diseases are diseases
A population is a group of organisms of the same species, all of which live in the same region and interact with each other. As they live together in the same region, members of the same species breed together. Environmentalists who study populations determine how healthy or stable populations are. They also study how individuals of a species interact with each other and how populations interact with the environment. If a group of similar organisms in the same area cannot reproduce with members of the other group, then they are members of two distinct species and form two populations. Environmentalists are looking at many factors that help describe a population. First, ecologists can measure the number of individuals who make up the population, known as the population size. They can then determine the population density, that is, the number of individuals of the same species in a region. Population density can be expressed in number per zone, such as 20 mice/acre, or 50 rabbits/square mile. Environmentalists are also studying how individuals in a population are distributed in an environment. This spacing of individuals within a population is called dispersion. Some species may be tainted or grouped (Figure 1.1) in an area. Others may also be spaced (Figure 1.2). Others can be randomly spaced in an area. Population density and dispersion affect reproduction and population size. In your opinion, what is the relationship between population density, dispersion and size? The griffined species are closer to each other. This can make reproduction easier. A population of cactus in the Sonoran Desert generally shows even dispersal due to competition for water. Environmentalists are also studying the birth and mortality rates of the population. Together, they give the rate of growth (the birth rate minus the mortality rate), indicating how rapidly (or slowly) the size of the population is changing. The birth rate is the number of births within a population during a given period. The mortality rate is the number of deaths within a population during a given period. Knowing the birth and mortality rates of populations gives you information about population health. For example, when a population is composed mainly of young organizations and the birth rate is high, the population increases. A population with equal birth and mortality rates will remain of the same size. Populations whose size is decreasing have a higher mortality rate than the birth rate.[SEP] Water competition
A population is a group of organisms of the same species, all of which live in the same region and interact with each other. As they live together in the same region, members of the same species breed together. Environmentalists who study populations determine how healthy or stable populations are. They also study how individuals of a species interact with each other and how populations interact with the environment. If a group of similar organisms in the same area cannot reproduce with members of the other group, then they are members of two distinct species and form two populations. Environmentalists are looking at many factors that help describe a population. First, ecologists can measure the number of individuals who make up the population, known as the population size. They can then determine the population density, that is, the number of individuals of the same species in a region. Population density can be expressed in number per zone, such as 20 mice/acre, or 50 rabbits/square mile. Environmentalists are also studying how individuals in a population are distributed in an environment. This spacing of individuals within a population is called dispersion. Some species may be tainted or grouped (Figure 1.1) in an area. Others may also be spaced (Figure 1.2). Others can be randomly spaced in an area. Population density and dispersion affect reproduction and population size. In your opinion, what is the relationship between population density, dispersion and size? The griffined species are closer to each other. This can make reproduction easier. A population of cactus in the Sonoran Desert generally shows even dispersal due to competition for water. Environmentalists are also studying the birth and mortality rates of the population. Together, they give the rate of growth (the birth rate minus the mortality rate), indicating how rapidly (or slowly) the size of the population is changing. The birth rate is the number of births within a population during a given period. The mortality rate is the number of deaths within a population during a given period. Knowing the birth and mortality rates of populations gives you information about population health. For example, when a population is composed mainly of young organizations and the birth rate is high, the population increases. A population with equal birth and mortality rates will remain of the same size. Populations whose size is decreasing have a higher mortality rate than the birth rate.[SEP] A population of cactus in the Sonoran Desert usually shows even dispersal
Many genetic disorders are caused by mutations in one or a few genes. Others are caused by chromosome mutations. Some human genetic disorders are related to X or Y, which means that the defective gene is related to these sex chromosomes. Other genetic disorders occur on one of the 22 other chromosome pairs; these chromosomes are known as autosomes or autosomal chromosomes (non-sexes). Some genetic disorders are due to new mutations, others may be inherited from your parents.[SEP] New mutations, others can be inherited from your parents
Many genetic disorders are caused by mutations in one or a few genes. Others are caused by chromosome mutations. Some human genetic disorders are related to X or Y, which means that the defective gene is related to these sex chromosomes. Other genetic disorders occur on one of the 22 other chromosome pairs; these chromosomes are known as autosomes or autosomal chromosomes (non-sexes). Some genetic disorders are due to new mutations, others may be inherited from your parents.[SEP] Some genetic disorders are
It should be recalled that air pollution is due to chemical substances and particles released to the air mainly by human actions. When most people think about air pollution, they think about outdoor pollution. But it is just as easy to have indoor air pollution. Your classroom at home or school probably doesn't get much fresh air. The waterproofness of your home reduces the costs of heating and cooling. But it also causes air pollution to remain trapped inside. And today's people usually spend most of their time inside. Thus, exposure to indoor air pollution can become a significant health risk. Indoor air pollutants include chemical and biological pollutants. The chemical pollutants are: Radon, a radioactive gas released from the Earth at certain locations. It can become trapped inside buildings and increase your risk of cancer. Formaldehyde, a toxic gas emitted by building materials, such as carpets and plywood. Volatile organic compounds (VOCs), which are released by paint and solvents as they dry. They can cause long-term health effects. Second-hand smoke, which comes from the breathing of smoke released by tobacco products. Second-hand smoke is also smoke exhaled by a cigarette smoker. This smoke is extremely dangerous to human health. Carbon monoxide (CO), a toxic gas released by burning fossil fuels. It is often released inside by defective chimneys, gas generators or burning charcoal; it can be extremely dangerous. Dry cleaning liquids, such as tetrachloroethylene, can be released from clothing a few days after dry cleaning. Past use of asbestos in factories and homes. Asbestos is a very dangerous substance that has been used in many buildings (Figure 1.1). Asbestos can cause cancer and other lung diseases. The use of asbestos is not permitted today. The use of asbestos in industry and mestic environments in the past, as in asbestos-covered pipes in the oil refining plant represented here, has left a potentially very dangerous material in many companies. Biological sources of air pollution are also indoors. They are produced from: Pet dander. Dust from tiny skin flakes and decomposed hair. Dust mites. Mould of walls, ceilings and other structures. Air conditioning systems that can incubate certain bacteria and moulds. Pollen, dust and mould from the surrounding domestic plants, soil and gardens.[SEP] Chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions
It should be recalled that air pollution is due to chemical substances and particles released to the air mainly by human actions. When most people think about air pollution, they think about outdoor pollution. But it is just as easy to have indoor air pollution. Your classroom at home or school probably doesn't get much fresh air. The waterproofness of your home reduces the costs of heating and cooling. But it also causes air pollution to remain trapped inside. And today's people usually spend most of their time inside. Thus, exposure to indoor air pollution can become a significant health risk. Indoor air pollutants include chemical and biological pollutants. The chemical pollutants are: Radon, a radioactive gas released from the Earth at certain locations. It can become trapped inside buildings and increase your risk of cancer. Formaldehyde, a toxic gas emitted by building materials, such as carpets and plywood. Volatile organic compounds (VOCs), which are released by paint and solvents as they dry. They can cause long-term health effects. Second-hand smoke, which comes from the breathing of smoke released by tobacco products. Second-hand smoke is also smoke exhaled by a cigarette smoker. This smoke is extremely dangerous to human health. Carbon monoxide (CO), a toxic gas released by burning fossil fuels. It is often released inside by defective chimneys, gas generators or burning charcoal; it can be extremely dangerous. Dry cleaning liquids, such as tetrachloroethylene, can be released from clothing a few days after dry cleaning. Past use of asbestos in factories and homes. Asbestos is a very dangerous substance that has been used in many buildings (Figure 1.1). Asbestos can cause cancer and other lung diseases. The use of asbestos is not permitted today. The use of asbestos in industry and mestic environments in the past, as in asbestos-covered pipes in the oil refining plant represented here, has left a potentially very dangerous material in many companies. Biological sources of air pollution are also indoors. They are produced from: Pet dander. Dust from tiny skin flakes and decomposed hair. Dust mites. Mould of walls, ceilings and other structures. Air conditioning systems that can incubate certain bacteria and moulds. Pollen, dust and mould from the surrounding domestic plants, soil and gardens.[SEP] Let us remember that air pollution is
Central nervous system lesions can damage the tissues of the brain or spinal cord. If an injury is mild, a person may have a complete recovery. If an injury is serious, it can cause permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most often occur as a result of car accidents or sports accidents. The best way to deal with such injuries is to try to prevent them.[SEP] Car or sports accidents
Central nervous system lesions can damage the tissues of the brain or spinal cord. If an injury is mild, a person may have a complete recovery. If an injury is serious, it can cause permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most often occur as a result of car accidents or sports accidents. The best way to deal with such injuries is to try to prevent them.[SEP] Brain and spinal cord injuries occur most often
Osteoarthritis occurs when cartilage at the ends of bones decomposes. Breaking the cartilage leads to pain and stiffness of the joint. Decreased joint motion due to pain may lead to the weakening of muscles that normally move the joint, and the ligaments surrounding the joint may become loose. Osteoarthritis is the most common form of arthritis. It has many contributing factors, including aging, sports injuries, fractures and obesity.[SEP] Pain can lead to the weakening of muscles that normally move the joint, and the ligaments surrounding the joint may become loose
Osteoarthritis occurs when cartilage at the ends of bones decomposes. Breaking the cartilage leads to pain and stiffness of the joint. Decreased joint motion due to pain may lead to the weakening of muscles that normally move the joint, and the ligaments surrounding the joint may become loose. Osteoarthritis is the most common form of arthritis. It has many contributing factors, including aging, sports injuries, fractures and obesity.[SEP] Decreased movement of the joint
When the skeletal muscles contract, the bones move. But how do muscles move your bones? A voluntary muscle usually works through a joint. It is attached to both bones on either side of the joint by strong cords called tendons. A tendon is a hard band of connective tissue that connects a muscle to a bone. The ligaments are similar to the ligaments, except that the ligaments unite with each other. The muscles move the body by contracting against the skeleton. When the muscles contract, they become shorter. By contracting, the muscles pull on the bones and allow the body to move. The muscles can only contract. They cannot expand actively, although they can move or relax in the non-contractual neutral position. Therefore, to move the bones in opposite directions, the muscle pairs must work in opposition. Each muscle in the pair acts against the other to move the bones to the joints of the body. The muscle that contracts to cause a bend joint is called the flexor. The muscle that contracts to straighten the joint is called the extensor. When one muscle is contracted, the other muscle of the pair is always elongated. For example, biceps and triceps work together to allow you to fold and straighten your elbow. When you want to bend your elbow, your muscle biceps contracts (Figure 1.1) and, at the same time, the triceps muscle relaxes. Biceps are the flexor, and triceps are the extensor of the elbow joint. Other muscles that work together are quadriceps and hamstrings used to fold and straighten the knee, and pectorals and trapeze used to move arms and shoulders forwards and backwards. During daily routines, we do not use the muscles equally. For example, we use our biceps more than our triceps because of the rise against gravity.[SEP] Gravity relief
When the skeletal muscles contract, the bones move. But how do muscles move your bones? A voluntary muscle usually works through a joint. It is attached to both bones on either side of the joint by strong cords called tendons. A tendon is a hard band of connective tissue that connects a muscle to a bone. The ligaments are similar to the ligaments, except that the ligaments unite with each other. The muscles move the body by contracting against the skeleton. When the muscles contract, they become shorter. By contracting, the muscles pull on the bones and allow the body to move. The muscles can only contract. They cannot expand actively, although they can move or relax in the non-contractual neutral position. Therefore, to move the bones in opposite directions, the muscle pairs must work in opposition. Each muscle in the pair acts against the other to move the bones to the joints of the body. The muscle that contracts to cause a bend joint is called the flexor. The muscle that contracts to straighten the joint is called the extensor. When one muscle is contracted, the other muscle of the pair is always elongated. For example, biceps and triceps work together to allow you to fold and straighten your elbow. When you want to bend your elbow, your muscle biceps contracts (Figure 1.1) and, at the same time, the triceps muscle relaxes. Biceps are the flexor, and triceps are the extensor of the elbow joint. Other muscles that work together are quadriceps and hamstrings used to fold and straighten the knee, and pectorals and trapeze used to move arms and shoulders forwards and backwards. During daily routines, we do not use the muscles equally. For example, we use our biceps more than our triceps because of the rise against gravity.[SEP] For example, we use our biceps more than our triceps
Female reproductive system disorders may affect the vagina, uterus or ovaries. They can also affect the breasts. One of the most common disorders is vaginitis. It's redness and itching of the vagina. It may be due to irritation by soap or bubble bath. Another possible cause of vaginitis is yeast infection. Yeasts normally grow in the vagina. Yeast infection occurs when yeast multiplies too quickly and causes symptoms. Yeast infection can be treated with medication. Bubble baths can be fun, but for women and girls, they can cause irritation to the vagina. A common ovary disorder is an ovarian cyst. A cyst is a bag filled with liquid or other materials. An ovarian cyst is generally harmless, but it can cause pain. Most cysts disappear slowly and do not need treatment. Very large or painful cysts can be removed with surgery. Many young girls have painful periods. They usually have cramps in the lower abdomen. In general, there's nothing to worry about. Taking a hot bath or using a heating cushion often helps. Exercise can also help. An analgesic such as ibuprofen can also work. If the pain is severe, a doctor may prescribe a stronger medication to relieve the pain. The most common type of cancer in women is breast cancer. Cancer causes breast cells to grow out of control and forms a tumor. Breast cancer is rare in adolescents. It becomes more common as women age. If breast cancer is found early, it can usually be cured by surgery.[SEP] Irritation by soap or bubble bath
Female reproductive system disorders may affect the vagina, uterus or ovaries. They can also affect the breasts. One of the most common disorders is vaginitis. It's redness and itching of the vagina. It may be due to irritation by soap or bubble bath. Another possible cause of vaginitis is yeast infection. Yeasts normally grow in the vagina. Yeast infection occurs when yeast multiplies too quickly and causes symptoms. Yeast infection can be treated with medication. Bubble baths can be fun, but for women and girls, they can cause irritation to the vagina. A common ovary disorder is an ovarian cyst. A cyst is a bag filled with liquid or other materials. An ovarian cyst is generally harmless, but it can cause pain. Most cysts disappear slowly and do not need treatment. Very large or painful cysts can be removed with surgery. Many young girls have painful periods. They usually have cramps in the lower abdomen. In general, there's nothing to worry about. Taking a hot bath or using a heating cushion often helps. Exercise can also help. An analgesic such as ibuprofen can also work. If the pain is severe, a doctor may prescribe a stronger medication to relieve the pain. The most common type of cancer in women is breast cancer. Cancer causes breast cells to grow out of control and forms a tumor. Breast cancer is rare in adolescents. It becomes more common as women age. If breast cancer is found early, it can usually be cured by surgery.[SEP] It may be
The air is all around us. Air is essential for life. Sometimes humans can pollute the air. For example, releasing smoke and dust from factories and cars can cause air pollution. Air pollution is caused by chemicals and particles released to the air mainly by human actions. This pollution affects entire ecosystems around the world. Pollution can also cause many human health problems, and can also cause death. Air pollution can be found both outdoors and indoors. The pollution of the outside air is made of chemical particles. When smoke or other pollutants enter the air, the particles present in the pollution mix with the air. The air is polluted when it contains many large toxic particles. Outdoor air pollution changes the natural characteristics of the atmosphere. Primary pollutants are added directly to the atmosphere. Fires add primary pollutants to the air. The particles released from the fire penetrate directly into the air and cause pollution (Figure 1.1). Combustion of fossil fuels such as oil and coal is a major source of primary pollutants (Figure Secondary pollutants are formed when primary pollutants interact with sunlight, air or other. They do not cause pollution directly. However, when they interact with other parts of the air, they cause pollution. For example, ozone is created when some pollutants interact with sunlight. High levels of ozone in the atmosphere can cause human problems. Forest fires, natural or man-made, release particles into the air, one of the many causes of air pollution. One of the main sources of air pollution is the combustion of fossil fuels from factories, power plants and motor vehicles.[SEP] Chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions
The air is all around us. Air is essential for life. Sometimes humans can pollute the air. For example, releasing smoke and dust from factories and cars can cause air pollution. Air pollution is caused by chemicals and particles released to the air mainly by human actions. This pollution affects entire ecosystems around the world. Pollution can also cause many human health problems, and can also cause death. Air pollution can be found both outdoors and indoors. The pollution of the outside air is made of chemical particles. When smoke or other pollutants enter the air, the particles present in the pollution mix with the air. The air is polluted when it contains many large toxic particles. Outdoor air pollution changes the natural characteristics of the atmosphere. Primary pollutants are added directly to the atmosphere. Fires add primary pollutants to the air. The particles released from the fire penetrate directly into the air and cause pollution (Figure 1.1). Combustion of fossil fuels such as oil and coal is a major source of primary pollutants (Figure Secondary pollutants are formed when primary pollutants interact with sunlight, air or other. They do not cause pollution directly. However, when they interact with other parts of the air, they cause pollution. For example, ozone is created when some pollutants interact with sunlight. High levels of ozone in the atmosphere can cause human problems. Forest fires, natural or man-made, release particles into the air, one of the many causes of air pollution. One of the main sources of air pollution is the combustion of fossil fuels from factories, power plants and motor vehicles.[SEP] Air pollution is
One consequence of air pollution is acid rain. Acid rain is precipitation at low pH (acidic), which can be very destructive to wildlife. When acid rain falls into forests, freshwater habitats or soils, it can kill insects and aquatic life. Sulphur oxides and nitrogen oxides in the air both cause acid rain (Figure 1.3). Sulphur oxides are chemicals that are released from coal-fired power plants. Nitrogen oxides are released from the exhaust gases of motor vehicles. A forest in the Jizera Mountains of the Czech Republic shows effects caused by acid rain. What are you watching?[SEP] Its very low pH
One consequence of air pollution is acid rain. Acid rain is precipitation at low pH (acidic), which can be very destructive to wildlife. When acid rain falls into forests, freshwater habitats or soils, it can kill insects and aquatic life. Sulphur oxides and nitrogen oxides in the air both cause acid rain (Figure 1.3). Sulphur oxides are chemicals that are released from coal-fired power plants. Nitrogen oxides are released from the exhaust gases of motor vehicles. A forest in the Jizera Mountains of the Czech Republic shows effects caused by acid rain. What are you watching?[SEP] It's causing that damage.
You can also take steps to avoid pathogens in the first place. The best way to avoid pathogens is to wash your hands often. You should wash your hands after using the bathroom or handling raw meat or fish. You should also wash your hands before eating or preparing food. In addition, you should also wash the food you eat, as well as the utensils and counter where the food is prepared. In addition, you should wash your hands after being around sick people. The correct way to wash your hands is shown below (Figure 1.1). If soap and water are available, use a hand disinfectant. The best way to prevent vector-borne diseases is to avoid contact with vectors. Recall that a vector is an organism that transports pathogens from one person or animal to another. For example, ticks and mosquitoes are vectors, so you should wear long sleeves and long pants when needed to avoid tick and mosquito bites. The use of insect repellent can also reduce the risk of insect bites. Many infectious diseases can be prevented by vaccination. Immunization can significantly reduce your chances of contracting many diseases. You will read more about vaccinations in another concept. Vaccination can help prevent measles, mumps, varicella and several other diseases. If you develop an infectious disease, try to avoid infecting others. Stay at the school house until you're okay. Also, take steps to keep your germs for yourself. Cover your mouth and nose with a fabric when sneezing or coughing, looking at the news will allow you to make informed decisions. If an outbreak of bad beef due to bacterial infection is in the news, do not buy beef for a while. If tomatoes make people sick, don't eat tomatoes until the end of the epidemic. If a place has an unhealthy water supply, boil the water or drink bottled water. Local news can tell you restaurants to avoid due to unhealthy conditions. And so on.[SEP] A bacterial infection is in the news, don't buy beef for a while
You can also take steps to avoid pathogens in the first place. The best way to avoid pathogens is to wash your hands often. You should wash your hands after using the bathroom or handling raw meat or fish. You should also wash your hands before eating or preparing food. In addition, you should also wash the food you eat, as well as the utensils and counter where the food is prepared. In addition, you should wash your hands after being around sick people. The correct way to wash your hands is shown below (Figure 1.1). If soap and water are available, use a hand disinfectant. The best way to prevent vector-borne diseases is to avoid contact with vectors. Recall that a vector is an organism that transports pathogens from one person or animal to another. For example, ticks and mosquitoes are vectors, so you should wear long sleeves and long pants when needed to avoid tick and mosquito bites. The use of insect repellent can also reduce the risk of insect bites. Many infectious diseases can be prevented by vaccination. Immunization can significantly reduce your chances of contracting many diseases. You will read more about vaccinations in another concept. Vaccination can help prevent measles, mumps, varicella and several other diseases. If you develop an infectious disease, try to avoid infecting others. Stay at the school house until you're okay. Also, take steps to keep your germs for yourself. Cover your mouth and nose with a fabric when sneezing or coughing, looking at the news will allow you to make informed decisions. If an outbreak of bad beef due to bacterial infection is in the news, do not buy beef for a while. If tomatoes make people sick, don't eat tomatoes until the end of the epidemic. If a place has an unhealthy water supply, boil the water or drink bottled water. Local news can tell you restaurants to avoid due to unhealthy conditions. And so on.[SEP] In the event of an outbreak of beef disease
Adolescence is the period of life between the beginning of puberty and the beginning of adulthood. Adolescence includes physical changes in puberty. It also includes many other changes, including significant mental, emotional and social changes. During adolescence: Teenagers develop new thinking skills. For example, they can think of abstract ideas, such as freedom. They are also better to think logically. They are usually better at solving problems as well. Teenagers try to establish a sense of who they are as individuals. They can try to become more independent of their parents. Most teenagers also have emotional ups and downs. This is partly due to changes in hormone levels. Teenagers usually spend much more time with their peers than with family members.[SEP] Changes in hormone levels
Adolescence is the period of life between the beginning of puberty and the beginning of adulthood. Adolescence includes physical changes in puberty. It also includes many other changes, including significant mental, emotional and social changes. During adolescence: Teenagers develop new thinking skills. For example, they can think of abstract ideas, such as freedom. They are also better to think logically. They are usually better at solving problems as well. Teenagers try to establish a sense of who they are as individuals. They can try to become more independent of their parents. Most teenagers also have emotional ups and downs. This is partly due to changes in hormone levels. Teenagers usually spend much more time with their peers than with family members.[SEP] It's part of it.
Emphysema is a chronic lung disease caused by the degradation of lung tissue. Symptoms of emphysema include shortness of breath, especially during exercise, and chronic cough, usually due to cigarettes, and wheezing, especially during expiration. Damage to alveoles (Figure 1.5) is not curable. Smoking is the main cause of emphysema.[SEP] Smoking and wheezing, especially during exhalation
Emphysema is a chronic lung disease caused by the degradation of lung tissue. Symptoms of emphysema include shortness of breath, especially during exercise, and chronic cough, usually due to cigarettes, and wheezing, especially during expiration. Damage to alveoles (Figure 1.5) is not curable. Smoking is the main cause of emphysema.[SEP] Symptoms of emphysema include shortness of breath, especially during exercise, and chronic cough, generally
What determines whether a baby is a man or a woman? Remember that you have 23 pairs of chromosomes and one of these pairs is the sex chromosomes. Everyone has two sex chromosomes. Your sex chromosomes may be X or Y. Females have two X chromosomes (XX), while males have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome (XY). If a baby inherits a parent's X chromosome and a mother's X chromosome, what will the children's sex be? The baby will have two X chromosomes, so she'll be a female. If the fathers' sperm bears the Y chromosome, the child will be male. Note that a mother can only transmit a chromosome X, so that the sex of the baby is determined by the father. The father has a 50 per cent chance of transmitting the chromosome Y or X, so there is a 50 per cent chance that a child is a man, and a 50 per cent chance that a child is a woman. This chance 50:50 happens for every baby. A couple the first five children could all be boys. The sixth child still has 50:50 chance to be a girl. A particular model of inheritance that does not correspond to Mendels rules is gender-related inheritance, referring to the inher- itance of characters that are located on genes on sex chromosomes. Since males and females do not have chromosomes of the same sex, there will be gender differences in how these sex-related characters are related to genes on sex chromosomes. Sex-related characters generally refer to gene-related characters on chromosome X. An example of a sex-related trait is red-green blindness. People with this type of colour blindness cannot say the difference between red and green. They often see these colours as shades of brown (Figure 1.1). Boys are much more likely to be coloured than girls (Table 1.1). This is because color blindness is a recessive trait related to sex. Boys have only one X chromosome, so if this chromosome carries the gene of blindness, they will be colorave. Since girls have two X chromosomes, a girl can have an X chromosome with the coloraved gene and an X chromosome with a normal color vision gene. Since color blindness is recessive, the dominant normal gene will mask the recessive gene of color blindness. Females with a colour blindness allele and a normal allele are called carriers. They wear the allele but don't express it. How would a woman become blind in color? It should inherit two genes for colour blindness, which is very unlikely. Many sex-related traits are inherited in a recessive way. Xc Xc X (female male) Xc Y (blind male) X Y X XX (normal female male) XY (normal male male) According to this Punnett square (Table 1.1), the son of a woman who wears the color blind character and a male with a normal vision has a 50% chance of being color blind.[SEP] The genes on the X chromosome
What determines whether a baby is a man or a woman? Remember that you have 23 pairs of chromosomes and one of these pairs is the sex chromosomes. Everyone has two sex chromosomes. Your sex chromosomes may be X or Y. Females have two X chromosomes (XX), while males have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome (XY). If a baby inherits a parent's X chromosome and a mother's X chromosome, what will the children's sex be? The baby will have two X chromosomes, so she'll be a female. If the fathers' sperm bears the Y chromosome, the child will be male. Note that a mother can only transmit a chromosome X, so that the sex of the baby is determined by the father. The father has a 50 per cent chance of transmitting the chromosome Y or X, so there is a 50 per cent chance that a child is a man, and a 50 per cent chance that a child is a woman. This chance 50:50 happens for every baby. A couple the first five children could all be boys. The sixth child still has 50:50 chance to be a girl. A particular model of inheritance that does not correspond to Mendels rules is gender-related inheritance, referring to the inher- itance of characters that are located on genes on sex chromosomes. Since males and females do not have chromosomes of the same sex, there will be gender differences in how these sex-related characters are related to genes on sex chromosomes. Sex-related characters generally refer to gene-related characters on chromosome X. An example of a sex-related trait is red-green blindness. People with this type of colour blindness cannot say the difference between red and green. They often see these colours as shades of brown (Figure 1.1). Boys are much more likely to be coloured than girls (Table 1.1). This is because color blindness is a recessive trait related to sex. Boys have only one X chromosome, so if this chromosome carries the gene of blindness, they will be colorave. Since girls have two X chromosomes, a girl can have an X chromosome with the coloraved gene and an X chromosome with a normal color vision gene. Since color blindness is recessive, the dominant normal gene will mask the recessive gene of color blindness. Females with a colour blindness allele and a normal allele are called carriers. They wear the allele but don't express it. How would a woman become blind in color? It should inherit two genes for colour blindness, which is very unlikely. Many sex-related traits are inherited in a recessive way. Xc Xc X (female male) Xc Y (blind male) X Y X XX (normal female male) XY (normal male male) According to this Punnett square (Table 1.1), the son of a woman who wears the color blind character and a male with a normal vision has a 50% chance of being color blind.[SEP] Gender-related traits generally refer to traits
While for many people clean water may seem unlimited and everywhere, for many others it is not so. Water pollution is a serious problem facing hundreds of millions of people around the world, which has a negative impact on the lives of these people. Water is not in an unlimited supply and can not only be made fresh when it is desired. Water is actually a limited resource, and for many people, fresh and unpolluted water is difficult to find. A limited resource is a resource that we use faster than we can do again. It is a resource that can be used. Water pollution occurs when contaminants enter water bodies. Contaminants are substances that harm the health of the environment or humans. Most contaminants enter the water because of humans. Surface water (river or lake) can be exposed and contaminated by acid rain, stormwater runoff, pesticide runoff and industrial waste. This water is a little cleansed by exposure to sun, aeration and micro-organisms in water. Groundwater (private wells and some public water supplies) usually takes longer to be contaminated, but the natural cleaning process can also take much longer. Groundwater can be contaminated with pathogenic pathogens, negligent removal of hazardous household chemicals, agricultural chemicals and leaking underground reservoirs. Water pollution can have adverse effects on ecology and human health. It's pollution in Jakarta, Indonesia. Natural events, such as storms, volcanic eruptions and earthquakes, can lead to major changes in water quality. But contaminants of human origin have a much greater impact on the quality of water supply. Water is considered polluted either when it does not support human use, such as clean drinking water, or when it is used for other animals and plants. Overgrowth of algae, known as algal flower, may result from runoff of fertilizer in water bodies. This excess of nutrients allows algae to grow out of control and harm the rest of the ecosystem. The main sources of water pollution can be grouped into two categories: Pollution from point sources results from contaminants entering a waterway or water body through a single site. Examples include untreated wastewater, sewage from a wastewater treatment plant, and leaking underground reservoirs. Non-point source pollution is a contamination that does not come from a single point source. Rather, it occurs when there is an accumulation of small amounts of contaminants that accumulate in a large area. For example, fertilizer runoff from many farms that discharge into groundwater or streams can be cited.[SEP] Humans
While for many people clean water may seem unlimited and everywhere, for many others it is not so. Water pollution is a serious problem facing hundreds of millions of people around the world, which has a negative impact on the lives of these people. Water is not in an unlimited supply and can not only be made fresh when it is desired. Water is actually a limited resource, and for many people, fresh and unpolluted water is difficult to find. A limited resource is a resource that we use faster than we can do again. It is a resource that can be used. Water pollution occurs when contaminants enter water bodies. Contaminants are substances that harm the health of the environment or humans. Most contaminants enter the water because of humans. Surface water (river or lake) can be exposed and contaminated by acid rain, stormwater runoff, pesticide runoff and industrial waste. This water is a little cleansed by exposure to sun, aeration and micro-organisms in water. Groundwater (private wells and some public water supplies) usually takes longer to be contaminated, but the natural cleaning process can also take much longer. Groundwater can be contaminated with pathogenic pathogens, negligent removal of hazardous household chemicals, agricultural chemicals and leaking underground reservoirs. Water pollution can have adverse effects on ecology and human health. It's pollution in Jakarta, Indonesia. Natural events, such as storms, volcanic eruptions and earthquakes, can lead to major changes in water quality. But contaminants of human origin have a much greater impact on the quality of water supply. Water is considered polluted either when it does not support human use, such as clean drinking water, or when it is used for other animals and plants. Overgrowth of algae, known as algal flower, may result from runoff of fertilizer in water bodies. This excess of nutrients allows algae to grow out of control and harm the rest of the ecosystem. The main sources of water pollution can be grouped into two categories: Pollution from point sources results from contaminants entering a waterway or water body through a single site. Examples include untreated wastewater, sewage from a wastewater treatment plant, and leaking underground reservoirs. Non-point source pollution is a contamination that does not come from a single point source. Rather, it occurs when there is an accumulation of small amounts of contaminants that accumulate in a large area. For example, fertilizer runoff from many farms that discharge into groundwater or streams can be cited.[SEP] Most contaminants enter water
Your sense of taste is controlled by sensory neurons, or nerve cells, on your tongue that smell chemicals in food. The neurons are grouped into bundles within the taste buds. Each bud actually has a pore that opens to the surface of the tongue allowing molecules and ions caught in the mouth to reach the receiving cells inside. There are five different types of neurons of taste on the tongue. Each type detects a different taste. The tastes are: 1. Sweet, which is produced by the presence of sugars, such as common table sugar sucrose, and some other substances. 2. Salt, which is produced mainly by the presence of sodium ions. Ordinary salt is sodium chloride, NaCl. The use of salt can give the sodium ion producing this taste. 3. Sour, which is the taste that detects acidity. The most common food group that contains naturally acidic foods is fruit, such as lemon, grapes, orange, and sometimes melon. Children show a greater pleasure of sour flavors than adults, and sour candy such as Lemon Drops, Shock Tarts and the sour versions of Skittles and Starburst, is popular. Many of these candies contain citric acid. 4. The bitterness is an unpleasant, lively or unpleasant taste. Common bitter foods and beverages include coffee, unsweetened cocoa, beer (due to hops), olives and citrus bark. 5. Umami, which is a fleshy or salty taste. This taste is found in fish, molluscs, cured meat, mushrooms, cheese, tomatoes, grains and beans. One taste button contains 50100 taste cells representing the 5 taste sensations. A stimulated cell of the taste receptor triggers action potentials in a nearby sensory neuron, which sends messages to the brain about taste. The brain then decides how you feel.[SEP] Hops), olives and citrus bark
Your sense of taste is controlled by sensory neurons, or nerve cells, on your tongue that smell chemicals in food. The neurons are grouped into bundles within the taste buds. Each bud actually has a pore that opens to the surface of the tongue allowing molecules and ions caught in the mouth to reach the receiving cells inside. There are five different types of neurons of taste on the tongue. Each type detects a different taste. The tastes are: 1. Sweet, which is produced by the presence of sugars, such as common table sugar sucrose, and some other substances. 2. Salt, which is produced mainly by the presence of sodium ions. Ordinary salt is sodium chloride, NaCl. The use of salt can give the sodium ion producing this taste. 3. Sour, which is the taste that detects acidity. The most common food group that contains naturally acidic foods is fruit, such as lemon, grapes, orange, and sometimes melon. Children show a greater pleasure of sour flavors than adults, and sour candy such as Lemon Drops, Shock Tarts and the sour versions of Skittles and Starburst, is popular. Many of these candies contain citric acid. 4. The bitterness is an unpleasant, lively or unpleasant taste. Common bitter foods and beverages include coffee, unsweetened cocoa, beer (due to hops), olives and citrus bark. 5. Umami, which is a fleshy or salty taste. This taste is found in fish, molluscs, cured meat, mushrooms, cheese, tomatoes, grains and beans. One taste button contains 50100 taste cells representing the 5 taste sensations. A stimulated cell of the taste receptor triggers action potentials in a nearby sensory neuron, which sends messages to the brain about taste. The brain then decides how you feel.[SEP] Common bitter foods and beverages include coffee, unsweetened cocoa, beer
When you look at the hot cactus shown below (Figure 1.1), does the word "auch" come to mind? Touching the cactus would be painful. Touch is the sense of pain, pressure or temperature. Touch depends on sensory neurons, or nerve cells, in the skin. The skin on the palms of the hands, the soles of the feet and the face have the most sensory neurons and is particularly sensitive to the touch. The tongue and lips are very sensitive to the touch. Neurons that feel pain are also inside the body in muscles, joints and organs. If you suffer from gastric pain or sprain on the ankle, it is because of these sensory neurons found inside your body. The following example shows how the messages on the touch move from sensory neurons to the brain, as well as how the brain reacts to the messages. Suppose you wanted to test the water temperature in a lake before jumping in. You could put a bare foot in the water. The neurons in the skin on your foot would feel the water temperature and send a message about it to your central nervous system. The frontal lobe of the brain would process the information. He could decide that the water is really cold and send a message to your muscles to pull your foot out of the water. In some cases, messages about pain or temperature do not move to the brain. Instead, they only travel to the spinal cord, and the spinal cord responds to the messages by giving orders to the muscles. This allows you to respond to pain faster. When the messages thus avoid the brain, it forms a reflex arc, as shown below (Figure 1.2).[SEP] These sensory neurons found inside your body
When you look at the hot cactus shown below (Figure 1.1), does the word "auch" come to mind? Touching the cactus would be painful. Touch is the sense of pain, pressure or temperature. Touch depends on sensory neurons, or nerve cells, in the skin. The skin on the palms of the hands, the soles of the feet and the face have the most sensory neurons and is particularly sensitive to the touch. The tongue and lips are very sensitive to the touch. Neurons that feel pain are also inside the body in muscles, joints and organs. If you suffer from gastric pain or sprain on the ankle, it is because of these sensory neurons found inside your body. The following example shows how the messages on the touch move from sensory neurons to the brain, as well as how the brain reacts to the messages. Suppose you wanted to test the water temperature in a lake before jumping in. You could put a bare foot in the water. The neurons in the skin on your foot would feel the water temperature and send a message about it to your central nervous system. The frontal lobe of the brain would process the information. He could decide that the water is really cold and send a message to your muscles to pull your foot out of the water. In some cases, messages about pain or temperature do not move to the brain. Instead, they only travel to the spinal cord, and the spinal cord responds to the messages by giving orders to the muscles. This allows you to respond to pain faster. When the messages thus avoid the brain, it forms a reflex arc, as shown below (Figure 1.2).[SEP] If you suffer from gastric pain or spraining of the ankle,
Myopia is also called myopia. It affects about a third of people. People with myopia can see objects in close proximity clearly, but distant objects seem blurred. The picture below shows how a person with myopia could see two boys who are a few meters away (Figure 1.1). In myopia, the eye is too long. Below you can see how the images are centered on someone's retina with myopia (Figure 1.2). The myopia is corrected with a concave lens, which turns inwards like the inside of a bowl. The lens changes the focus, so that the images fall on the retina as they should. In general, myopia occurs first in school-aged children. There's evidence that myopia is inherited. If either of your parents or both need glasses, there's a better chance than you too. People who spend a lot of time reading, working or playing on a computer, or doing other close visual work, may also be more likely to develop close vision. Because the eye continues to grow during childhood, myopia usually progresses until On the left, you can see how a person with a normal vision sees two boys. The right picture shows how a person with myopia sees boys. A person's eye with myopia is longer than normal. As a result, the images are focused in front of the retina (top left). A concave lens is used to correct myopia to help focus images on the retina (top right). The clairvoyance, or hyperopia, oc-curs when objects are focused at the back of the retina (bottom left). It is corrected with a convex lens (bottom right). About 20 years. However, myopia may also develop in adults due to visual stress or health problems such as diabetes. A common sign of myopia is the difficulty of seeing distant objects such as a film screen or television, or whiteboard or chalk at school. Eyeglasses or contact lenses can easily help with myopia. Depending on the amount of myopia, you may only need to wear glasses or contact lenses for certain activities, such as watching a movie or driving a car. Or, if you're very insightful, they may need to be worn all the time.[SEP] Visual stress or health problems such as diabetes
Myopia is also called myopia. It affects about a third of people. People with myopia can see objects in close proximity clearly, but distant objects seem blurred. The picture below shows how a person with myopia could see two boys who are a few meters away (Figure 1.1). In myopia, the eye is too long. Below you can see how the images are centered on someone's retina with myopia (Figure 1.2). The myopia is corrected with a concave lens, which turns inwards like the inside of a bowl. The lens changes the focus, so that the images fall on the retina as they should. In general, myopia occurs first in school-aged children. There's evidence that myopia is inherited. If either of your parents or both need glasses, there's a better chance than you too. People who spend a lot of time reading, working or playing on a computer, or doing other close visual work, may also be more likely to develop close vision. Because the eye continues to grow during childhood, myopia usually progresses until On the left, you can see how a person with a normal vision sees two boys. The right picture shows how a person with myopia sees boys. A person's eye with myopia is longer than normal. As a result, the images are focused in front of the retina (top left). A concave lens is used to correct myopia to help focus images on the retina (top right). The clairvoyance, or hyperopia, oc-curs when objects are focused at the back of the retina (bottom left). It is corrected with a convex lens (bottom right). About 20 years. However, myopia may also develop in adults due to visual stress or health problems such as diabetes. A common sign of myopia is the difficulty of seeing distant objects such as a film screen or television, or whiteboard or chalk at school. Eyeglasses or contact lenses can easily help with myopia. Depending on the amount of myopia, you may only need to wear glasses or contact lenses for certain activities, such as watching a movie or driving a car. Or, if you're very insightful, they may need to be worn all the time.[SEP] However, myopia may also develop in adults.
You may have seen a sign like that in Figure 11.3. He warns people there's radiation in the area. Exposure to radiation can be very dangerous. Radiation damages living beings by removing electrons from atoms and transforming them into ions. Radiation also breaks bonds in DNA and other biochemical compounds. A single high radiation exposure can burn the skin and cause radiological diseases. Symptoms of this disease include extreme fatigue, destruction of blood cells and hair loss. Long-term exposure to lower radiation levels can cause cancer. For example, radon in buildings can cause lung cancer. Marie Curie died of cancer, probably because of radiation exposure in her research. To learn more about the harmful health effects of radiation, go to this URL: Non-living objects may also be damaged by radiation. For example, high levels of radiation can remove electrons from metals. This can weaken the metals of nuclear power plants and space vehicles, both of which are exposed to very high levels of radiation.[SEP] Radiation exposure in his research
You may have seen a sign like that in Figure 11.3. He warns people there's radiation in the area. Exposure to radiation can be very dangerous. Radiation damages living beings by removing electrons from atoms and transforming them into ions. Radiation also breaks bonds in DNA and other biochemical compounds. A single high radiation exposure can burn the skin and cause radiological diseases. Symptoms of this disease include extreme fatigue, destruction of blood cells and hair loss. Long-term exposure to lower radiation levels can cause cancer. For example, radon in buildings can cause lung cancer. Marie Curie died of cancer, probably because of radiation exposure in her research. To learn more about the harmful health effects of radiation, go to this URL: Non-living objects may also be damaged by radiation. For example, high levels of radiation can remove electrons from metals. This can weaken the metals of nuclear power plants and space vehicles, both of which are exposed to very high levels of radiation.[SEP] Marie Curie died of cancer, probably
The weight measures the force of gravity that pulls on an object. Because the weight measures the force, the SI unit for weight is the newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 newtons because of the traction of Earth's gravity On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. Weight is measured using a scale, such as the spring scale in Figure 13.16. The scale measures the force with which gravity pulls an object down.[SEP] On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less
The weight measures the force of gravity that pulls on an object. Because the weight measures the force, the SI unit for weight is the newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 newtons because of the traction of Earth's gravity On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. Weight is measured using a scale, such as the spring scale in Figure 13.16. The scale measures the force with which gravity pulls an object down.[SEP] On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 newtons
Newtons idea of gravity can predict the movement of most objects, but not all. In the early 1900s, Albert Einstein invented a theory of gravity that is better to predict how all objects move. Einstein mathematically showed that gravity is not really a force in the sense that Newton thought. Instead, gravity is the result of deformation, or curvature, of space and time. Imagine a bowling ball pressing on a trampoline. The trampoline surface would run down instead of flat. Einstein theorized that Earth and other very massive bodies affect space and time around them in a similar way. This idea is shown in Figure 13.19. According to Einstein, objects bend towards each other because of curves in space and time, not because they shoot each other with an attraction force like Newton's thinking. You can see an animation of Einstein's gravity theory at this URL: http://einstein. The gravity theory, go to this URL:[SEP] Curves in space and time, not because they pull each other with an attraction force like Newton's thought
Newtons idea of gravity can predict the movement of most objects, but not all. In the early 1900s, Albert Einstein invented a theory of gravity that is better to predict how all objects move. Einstein mathematically showed that gravity is not really a force in the sense that Newton thought. Instead, gravity is the result of deformation, or curvature, of space and time. Imagine a bowling ball pressing on a trampoline. The trampoline surface would run down instead of flat. Einstein theorized that Earth and other very massive bodies affect space and time around them in a similar way. This idea is shown in Figure 13.19. According to Einstein, objects bend towards each other because of curves in space and time, not because they shoot each other with an attraction force like Newton's thinking. You can see an animation of Einstein's gravity theory at this URL: http://einstein. The gravity theory, go to this URL:[SEP] According to Einstein, objects bend towards each other
When gravity pulls objects to the ground, it speeds them up. The acceleration due to gravity is 9.8 m/s2. In other words, the speed at which an object falls to Earth increases each second by 9.8 m/s. Therefore, after 1 second, an object falls at a speed of 9.8 m/s. After 2 seconds, it falls at a speed of 19.6 m/s (9.8 m/s 2), and so on. This is shown in Figure 13.20. You can compare the acceleration due to gravity on Earth, the moon and Mars with the interactive animation called "Freefall" to this URL: http://jersey.uoregon.edu/vlab/. You might think that an object with a larger mass would accelerate faster than an object with less mass. After all, its largest mass means that it is driven by a stronger force of gravity. However, a more massive object accelerates at the same rate as a less massive object. The reason? The larger object is more difficult to move because of its larger mass. As a result, it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the less massive object. Consider a bowling ball and a basketball. The bowling ball has a bigger mass than basketball. However, if you let the two bullets fall at the same time from the same distance above the ground, they would arrive on the ground together. This is true of all falling objects, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling glans due to the larger leaf surface. However, if the leaf and the acorn fell in the absence of air (i.e. in a vacuum), they would arrive on the ground at the same time.[SEP] Their greatest mass
When gravity pulls objects to the ground, it speeds them up. The acceleration due to gravity is 9.8 m/s2. In other words, the speed at which an object falls to Earth increases each second by 9.8 m/s. Therefore, after 1 second, an object falls at a speed of 9.8 m/s. After 2 seconds, it falls at a speed of 19.6 m/s (9.8 m/s 2), and so on. This is shown in Figure 13.20. You can compare the acceleration due to gravity on Earth, the moon and Mars with the interactive animation called "Freefall" to this URL: http://jersey.uoregon.edu/vlab/. You might think that an object with a larger mass would accelerate faster than an object with less mass. After all, its largest mass means that it is driven by a stronger force of gravity. However, a more massive object accelerates at the same rate as a less massive object. The reason? The larger object is more difficult to move because of its larger mass. As a result, it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the less massive object. Consider a bowling ball and a basketball. The bowling ball has a bigger mass than basketball. However, if you let the two bullets fall at the same time from the same distance above the ground, they would arrive on the ground together. This is true of all falling objects, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling glans due to the larger leaf surface. However, if the leaf and the acorn fell in the absence of air (i.e. in a vacuum), they would arrive on the ground at the same time.[SEP] The larger object is more difficult to move
The first law of the Newtons movement is also called the law of inertia. Inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its movement. If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. If the object is already in motion, inertia will keep it moving. Think about what happens when you drive in a car that suddenly stops. Your body is moving on to the seat. Why? Brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving because of inertia. That is why it is important to always wear a seat belt. Inertia also explains the walk in the amusement park in Figure 14.1. The car continues to change direction, but the riders continue to move in the same direction as before. They slide on the other side of the car accordingly. You can see an inertial animation at this URL:[SEP] inertia
The first law of the Newtons movement is also called the law of inertia. Inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its movement. If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. If the object is already in motion, inertia will keep it moving. Think about what happens when you drive in a car that suddenly stops. Your body is moving on to the seat. Why? Brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving because of inertia. That is why it is important to always wear a seat belt. Inertia also explains the walk in the amusement park in Figure 14.1. The car continues to change direction, but the riders continue to move in the same direction as before. They slide on the other side of the car accordingly. You can see an inertial animation at this URL:[SEP] Brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving
The second law of Newtons' movement explains the weight of the objects. Weight is a measure of the force of gravity of an object of a given mass. Its force (F) in the acceleration equation that was introduced above: a=F m This equation can also be written as: F = my The acceleration due to the gravity of an object is equal to 9.8 m/s2, so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as: F = m 9.8 m/s2 As this equation shows, the weight is directly related to the mass. As a mass of objects increases, so does its weight. For example, if the mass doubles, the weight doubles as well. You can learn more about weight and acceleration at this URL: Resolution problem: Daisy has a mass of 35 kilograms. How much does it weigh? Solution: Use formula: F = m 9.8 m/s2. F = 35 kg 9.8 m/s2 = 343.0 kg m/s2 = 343.0 N Try! Problem: Daisys dad has a mass of 70 kg, which is twice Daisys mass. Plan how much Daisys Dad weighs. Then calculate its weight to see if your prediction is correct. Useful Tips The equation for calculating weight (F = m a) only works when the correct units of measurement are used. The mass shall be in kilograms (kg). The acceleration shall be in m/s2. Weight (F) is expressed in kgm/s2 or newtons (N).[SEP] The gravity of an object is 9.8 m/s2, so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as follows: F = m 9.8 m/s2 As indicated in this equation, the weight is directly related to the mass
The second law of Newtons' movement explains the weight of the objects. Weight is a measure of the force of gravity of an object of a given mass. Its force (F) in the acceleration equation that was introduced above: a=F m This equation can also be written as: F = my The acceleration due to the gravity of an object is equal to 9.8 m/s2, so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as: F = m 9.8 m/s2 As this equation shows, the weight is directly related to the mass. As a mass of objects increases, so does its weight. For example, if the mass doubles, the weight doubles as well. You can learn more about weight and acceleration at this URL: Resolution problem: Daisy has a mass of 35 kilograms. How much does it weigh? Solution: Use formula: F = m 9.8 m/s2. F = 35 kg 9.8 m/s2 = 343.0 kg m/s2 = 343.0 N Try! Problem: Daisys dad has a mass of 70 kg, which is twice Daisys mass. Plan how much Daisys Dad weighs. Then calculate its weight to see if your prediction is correct. Useful Tips The equation for calculating weight (F = m a) only works when the correct units of measurement are used. The mass shall be in kilograms (kg). The acceleration shall be in m/s2. Weight (F) is expressed in kgm/s2 or newtons (N).[SEP] Its force (F) in the acceleration equation that was introduced above: a= F m This equation can also be written as: F = my Acceleration
Sometimes the power is measured in a unit called horse power. A power is the amount of work a horse can do in 1 minute. It is equivalent to 745 watts of power. James Watt invented the first powerful steam engine in the 1770s. Watts steam engine has led to a revolution in industry and agriculture due to its power. Watt wanted to impress people with the power of his steam engine, so he compared it with something familiar to the people of his time: the power of the working horses, as shown in Figure 16.6. Watt said his steam engine could produce the power of 20 horsepower, or 20 horsepower. The most powerful engines today can produce more than 100,000 horsepower! How many watts of power is that?[SEP] Its power
Sometimes the power is measured in a unit called horse power. A power is the amount of work a horse can do in 1 minute. It is equivalent to 745 watts of power. James Watt invented the first powerful steam engine in the 1770s. Watts steam engine has led to a revolution in industry and agriculture due to its power. Watt wanted to impress people with the power of his steam engine, so he compared it with something familiar to the people of his time: the power of the working horses, as shown in Figure 16.6. Watt said his steam engine could produce the power of 20 horsepower, or 20 horsepower. The most powerful engines today can produce more than 100,000 horsepower! How many watts of power is that?[SEP] Watts steam engine led to a revolution in industry and agriculture
Another measure of the efficiency of a machine is its mechanical advantage. The mechanical advantage is the number of times a machine multiplies the input force. It can be calculated with the equation: Mechanical advantage = Output force Input force This equation calculates the actual mechanical advantage of a machine. It takes into account the reduction of the production force due to friction. It shows how much a machine actually multiplies force when it is used in the real world.[SEP] - friction;
Another measure of the efficiency of a machine is its mechanical advantage. The mechanical advantage is the number of times a machine multiplies the input force. It can be calculated with the equation: Mechanical advantage = Output force Input force This equation calculates the actual mechanical advantage of a machine. It takes into account the reduction of the production force due to friction. It shows how much a machine actually multiplies force when it is used in the real world.[SEP] It takes account of the reduction in the production force which is
Imagine trying to slice a tomato with a fork or spoon instead of a knife, as in Figure 16.15. The knife makes the work much easier because of the corner shape of the blade. A corner is a simple machine consisting of two inclined planes. But unlike an inclined plane, a corner only works when it moves. It has a thin end and a thick end, and the thin end is forced into an object to cut or divide it. The scissor in Figure 16.15 is another example of a corner. The input force is applied to the thick end of a corner, and it acts on the length of the corner. The output force pushes against the object on both sides of the corner, so the output distance is the thickness of the corner. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of a corner can be calculated as follows: Ideal Mechanical advantage = Corner length Maximum corner thickness The length of a corner is always greater than its maximum thickness. As a result, the ideal mechanical advantage of a corner is always greater than 1.[SEP] The shape of the blade corner
Imagine trying to slice a tomato with a fork or spoon instead of a knife, as in Figure 16.15. The knife makes the work much easier because of the corner shape of the blade. A corner is a simple machine consisting of two inclined planes. But unlike an inclined plane, a corner only works when it moves. It has a thin end and a thick end, and the thin end is forced into an object to cut or divide it. The scissor in Figure 16.15 is another example of a corner. The input force is applied to the thick end of a corner, and it acts on the length of the corner. The output force pushes against the object on both sides of the corner, so the output distance is the thickness of the corner. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of a corner can be calculated as follows: Ideal Mechanical advantage = Corner length Maximum corner thickness The length of a corner is always greater than its maximum thickness. As a result, the ideal mechanical advantage of a corner is always greater than 1.[SEP] The knife makes the work much easier
Have you ever seen a scene like that in Figure 17.4? In many parts of the world, trees lose their leaves in autumn. The leaves become coloured and then fall from the trees to the ground. As the leaves fall, they have kinetic energy. While they are still attached to the trees, they also have energy, but it is not because of the movement. Instead, they stored energy, called potential energy. An object has potential energy because of its position or shape. For example, leaves on trees have potential energy because they could fall because of the attraction of gravity.[SEP] Motion
Have you ever seen a scene like that in Figure 17.4? In many parts of the world, trees lose their leaves in autumn. The leaves become coloured and then fall from the trees to the ground. As the leaves fall, they have kinetic energy. While they are still attached to the trees, they also have energy, but it is not because of the movement. Instead, they stored energy, called potential energy. An object has potential energy because of its position or shape. For example, leaves on trees have potential energy because they could fall because of the attraction of gravity.[SEP] While they're still attached to the trees, they also have energy, but it's not
The potential energy due to the position of an object above the Earth is called gravitational potential energy. Like the leaves on the trees, anything that is raised above the Earth's surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. Examples of people with gravitational energy potential can be seen in Figure 17.5. The potential gravitational energy depends on the weight of an object and its height above the ground. It can be calculated using the equation: Potential gravitational energy (GPE) = height of weight Consider the diver in Figure 17.5. If it weighs 70 newtons and the dive board is 5 meters above the Earth's surface, then its potential energy is: GPE = 70 N 5 m = 350 N m, or 350 J[SEP] Vulnerability
The potential energy due to the position of an object above the Earth is called gravitational potential energy. Like the leaves on the trees, anything that is raised above the Earth's surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. Examples of people with gravitational energy potential can be seen in Figure 17.5. The potential gravitational energy depends on the weight of an object and its height above the ground. It can be calculated using the equation: Potential gravitational energy (GPE) = height of weight Consider the diver in Figure 17.5. If it weighs 70 newtons and the dive board is 5 meters above the Earth's surface, then its potential energy is: GPE = 70 N 5 m = 350 N m, or 350 J[SEP] Like the leaves on the trees, anything that is raised above the Earth's surface has the potential to fall
Potential energy from a form of objects is called potential elastic energy. This energy results when elastic objects are stretched or compressed. Their elasticity gives them the potential to return to their original form. For example, the rubber band in Figure 17.6 has been stretched, but it will return to its original shape when released. Springs like the spring of the figure have an energy of elastic potential when compressed. What happens when the spring is released?[SEP] A form of objects is called energy of elastic potential
Potential energy from a form of objects is called potential elastic energy. This energy results when elastic objects are stretched or compressed. Their elasticity gives them the potential to return to their original form. For example, the rubber band in Figure 17.6 has been stretched, but it will return to its original shape when released. Springs like the spring of the figure have an energy of elastic potential when compressed. What happens when the spring is released?[SEP] Potential energy
Mechanical energy is the energy of an object that moves or has the potential to move. This is the sum of a kinetic and potential energy of objects. In Figure 17.9, basketball has mechanical energy because it moves. The arrow in the same figure has mechanical energy because it has the potential to move due to the elasticity of the arc. What are other examples of mechanical energy?[SEP] The elasticity of the arc
Mechanical energy is the energy of an object that moves or has the potential to move. This is the sum of a kinetic and potential energy of objects. In Figure 17.9, basketball has mechanical energy because it moves. The arrow in the same figure has mechanical energy because it has the potential to move due to the elasticity of the arc. What are other examples of mechanical energy?[SEP] The arrow in the same figure has mechanical energy because it has the potential to move
Energy often changes from one form to another. For example, the mechanical energy of a moving drumstick changes sound energy when it hits the drumhead and vibrates it. Any form of energy can be transformed into any other form. Often, a form of energy is transformed into two or more different forms. For example, when wood burns, the chemical energy of wood changes to both thermal energy and light energy. Other examples of energy conversions are described in Figure 17.16. More information can be found at http://fi.edu/guide/hughes/energychangeex.html. You can check your understanding of how energy changes are formed by quizting these URLs: Energy is stored in energy conversions. No energy is lost when the energy changes, although some can be released as thermal energy due to friction. For example, the total energy in a steam turbine in Figure 17.16 does not change electrical energy. Some changes to thermal energy due to friction of turning blades and other moving parts. The more efficient a device is, the higher the percentage of usable energy it produces. Appliances with an "Energy Star" label such as that in Figure 17.17 use energy efficiently and thus reduce energy consumption.[SEP] Friction of turning blades and other moving parts
Energy often changes from one form to another. For example, the mechanical energy of a moving drumstick changes sound energy when it hits the drumhead and vibrates it. Any form of energy can be transformed into any other form. Often, a form of energy is transformed into two or more different forms. For example, when wood burns, the chemical energy of wood changes to both thermal energy and light energy. Other examples of energy conversions are described in Figure 17.16. More information can be found at http://fi.edu/guide/hughes/energychangeex.html. You can check your understanding of how energy changes are formed by quizting these URLs: Energy is stored in energy conversions. No energy is lost when the energy changes, although some can be released as thermal energy due to friction. For example, the total energy in a steam turbine in Figure 17.16 does not change electrical energy. Some changes to thermal energy due to friction of turning blades and other moving parts. The more efficient a device is, the higher the percentage of usable energy it produces. Appliances with an "Energy Star" label such as that in Figure 17.17 use energy efficiently and thus reduce energy consumption.[SEP] Some changes in thermal energy
Renewable resources are natural resources that can be replaced within a relatively short period of time or that are virtually unlimited. Renewable energy sources include sunlight, mobile water, wind, biomass and geothermal energy. Each of these energy resources is described in Table 17.1. Resources such as sunlight and wind are unlimited in supply, so they will never exhaust. In addition to their availability, renewable energy sources also have the advantage of producing little or no pollution and not contributing to global warming. The technology needed to collect energy from renewable resources is currently expensive to install, but most of the resources themselves are free of charge. Here? Source of Renewable Energy Solar Light Solar energy can be used to heat homes. It can also be used to generate electricity in solar cells. However, solar energy may not be practical in often cloudy areas. Example The solar panels on the roof of this house produce enough electricity to meet the needs of families. Displacement of water When the water falls down, its potential energy is converted into kinetic energy that can turn a turbine and generate electricity. Water can fall naturally over a waterfall or flow through a dam. A disadvantage of dams is that they flood the land upstream and reduce the flow of water downstream. Either effect can damage ecosystems. The wind The wind moves the air, so it has kinetic energy that can work. Remember the wind turbines that opened this chapter? Wind turbines change the kinetic energy of the wind to electric energy. Only some parts of the world have enough steady wind to produce a lot of electricity. Many people also think wind turbines are noisy and unattractive in the landscape. Water through the Hoover Dam between Arizona and Nevada produces electricity for these two states and also through southern California. The dam extends over the Colorado River. This old windmill captures wind energy that is used to pump water from a well. Windmills like this one have been in use for centuries. Biomass from renewable energy resources Chemical energy stored from trees and other plants is called biomass energy. When plant materials are burned, they produce thermal energy that can be used for heating, cooking or generating electricity. Biomass, especially wood, is an important source of energy in countries where most people cannot afford fossil fuels. Some plants can also be used to make ethanol, a fuel that is added to gasoline. Ethanol produces less pollution than gasoline, but large areas are needed to grow the plants needed to make it. Geothermal heat under the Earth's surface, called geothermal energy, can be used to generate electricity. A power plant pumps water underground where it is heated. Then it pumps the water to the plant and uses its thermal energy to produce electricity. On a small scale, geothermal energy can be used to heat homes. Installation of a geothermal system can be very expensive, how ever, because of the need to drill through underground rocks. Example This large machine is harvesting and grinding plants to be used for biomass energy. This geothermal power plant is located in Italy where the hot magma is close to the surface.[SEP] The need to drill through underground rocks
Renewable resources are natural resources that can be replaced within a relatively short period of time or that are virtually unlimited. Renewable energy sources include sunlight, mobile water, wind, biomass and geothermal energy. Each of these energy resources is described in Table 17.1. Resources such as sunlight and wind are unlimited in supply, so they will never exhaust. In addition to their availability, renewable energy sources also have the advantage of producing little or no pollution and not contributing to global warming. The technology needed to collect energy from renewable resources is currently expensive to install, but most of the resources themselves are free of charge. Here? Source of Renewable Energy Solar Light Solar energy can be used to heat homes. It can also be used to generate electricity in solar cells. However, solar energy may not be practical in often cloudy areas. Example The solar panels on the roof of this house produce enough electricity to meet the needs of families. Displacement of water When the water falls down, its potential energy is converted into kinetic energy that can turn a turbine and generate electricity. Water can fall naturally over a waterfall or flow through a dam. A disadvantage of dams is that they flood the land upstream and reduce the flow of water downstream. Either effect can damage ecosystems. The wind The wind moves the air, so it has kinetic energy that can work. Remember the wind turbines that opened this chapter? Wind turbines change the kinetic energy of the wind to electric energy. Only some parts of the world have enough steady wind to produce a lot of electricity. Many people also think wind turbines are noisy and unattractive in the landscape. Water through the Hoover Dam between Arizona and Nevada produces electricity for these two states and also through southern California. The dam extends over the Colorado River. This old windmill captures wind energy that is used to pump water from a well. Windmills like this one have been in use for centuries. Biomass from renewable energy resources Chemical energy stored from trees and other plants is called biomass energy. When plant materials are burned, they produce thermal energy that can be used for heating, cooking or generating electricity. Biomass, especially wood, is an important source of energy in countries where most people cannot afford fossil fuels. Some plants can also be used to make ethanol, a fuel that is added to gasoline. Ethanol produces less pollution than gasoline, but large areas are needed to grow the plants needed to make it. Geothermal heat under the Earth's surface, called geothermal energy, can be used to generate electricity. A power plant pumps water underground where it is heated. Then it pumps the water to the plant and uses its thermal energy to produce electricity. On a small scale, geothermal energy can be used to heat homes. Installation of a geothermal system can be very expensive, how ever, because of the need to drill through underground rocks. Example This large machine is harvesting and grinding plants to be used for biomass energy. This geothermal power plant is located in Italy where the hot magma is close to the surface.[SEP] Installation of a geothermal system can be very expensive.
The world's largest solar thermal power plant opens in the Mojave Desert, California, after a debate that has protected renewable energies from a threatened turtle. The Ivanpah Solar Plant is one of seven large solar farms expected to open in California in the coming months, following the push by states to produce a third of its electricity from renewable energies. Some 30 States have similar mandates. For more information on this solar power plant, see http://science.kqed.org/ MEDIA Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] States push to produce one third of their electricity from renewable energy sources
The world's largest solar thermal power plant opens in the Mojave Desert, California, after a debate that has protected renewable energies from a threatened turtle. The Ivanpah Solar Plant is one of seven large solar farms expected to open in California in the coming months, following the push by states to produce a third of its electricity from renewable energies. Some 30 States have similar mandates. For more information on this solar power plant, see http://science.kqed.org/ MEDIA Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Ivanpah Solar Plant is one of seven large solar farms planned to open in California in the coming months
The road through the Golden Gate Bridge rises and falls to 16 feet depending on the temperature. When the sun strikes the bridge, the metal extends and the cables of the bridge stretch. While the fog is rolling, the cables contract and the bridge rises. The curators of the Explorerium Outdoor in San Francisco have installed a range two miles away so you can see how the bridge moves up or down depending on the weather. For more information on how the bridge is moving due to temperature, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/quest-lab-bridge-thermometer/. Heat is the transfer of thermal energy between objects that have different temperatures. Thermal energy always moves from an object at a higher temperature to an object at a lower temperature. Specific heat is the amount of energy (in joules) needed to increase the temperature of 1 gram of a 1C substance. Substances differ in their specific heat.[SEP] Temperature, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/quest-lab-bridge-thermometer/
The road through the Golden Gate Bridge rises and falls to 16 feet depending on the temperature. When the sun strikes the bridge, the metal extends and the cables of the bridge stretch. While the fog is rolling, the cables contract and the bridge rises. The curators of the Explorerium Outdoor in San Francisco have installed a range two miles away so you can see how the bridge moves up or down depending on the weather. For more information on how the bridge is moving due to temperature, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/quest-lab-bridge-thermometer/. Heat is the transfer of thermal energy between objects that have different temperatures. Thermal energy always moves from an object at a higher temperature to an object at a lower temperature. Specific heat is the amount of energy (in joules) needed to increase the temperature of 1 gram of a 1C substance. Substances differ in their specific heat.[SEP] For more information on how the bridge moves
Conduction and convection transfer energy through matter. Radiation is the only way to transfer energy that does not require matter. Radiation is the transfer of energy through waves that can travel in empty space. When the waves reach the objects, they transfer energy to the objects, which makes them warm up. This is how solar energy reaches the Earth and heats its surface (see figure 18.10). Radiation is also the way the thermal energy of a campfire heats people nearby. You might be surprised to learn that all objects radiate thermal energy, including people. In fact, when a room is full of people, it can feel much warmer because of all the thermal energy people radiate! To learn more about thermal radiation, look at "Radiation" at the URL below.[SEP] All the thermal energy people radiate
Conduction and convection transfer energy through matter. Radiation is the only way to transfer energy that does not require matter. Radiation is the transfer of energy through waves that can travel in empty space. When the waves reach the objects, they transfer energy to the objects, which makes them warm up. This is how solar energy reaches the Earth and heats its surface (see figure 18.10). Radiation is also the way the thermal energy of a campfire heats people nearby. You might be surprised to learn that all objects radiate thermal energy, including people. In fact, when a room is full of people, it can feel much warmer because of all the thermal energy people radiate! To learn more about thermal radiation, look at "Radiation" at the URL below.[SEP] In fact, when a room is full of people, it can feel much warmer
When a wave is reflected straight from an obstacle, the reflected wave interferes with the original wave and creates a standing wave. It's a wave that seems motionless. A standing wave occurs because of a combination of constructive and destructive interference between a wave and its reflected wave. You can see wave animations standing at the URLs below. http://skullsinthestars.com/2008/05/04/classic-science-paper-otto-wieners-experience-1890/ Its easy to generate a standing wave in a rope by binding one end to a fixed object and moving the other end upwards and downwards. When the waves reach the fixed object, they are reflected back. The original wave and the reflected wave interfered to produce a standing wave. Try it yourself and see if the wave seems motionless.[SEP] A combination of constructive and destructive interferences between a wave and its reflected wave
When a wave is reflected straight from an obstacle, the reflected wave interferes with the original wave and creates a standing wave. It's a wave that seems motionless. A standing wave occurs because of a combination of constructive and destructive interference between a wave and its reflected wave. You can see wave animations standing at the URLs below. http://skullsinthestars.com/2008/05/04/classic-science-paper-otto-wieners-experience-1890/ Its easy to generate a standing wave in a rope by binding one end to a fixed object and moving the other end upwards and downwards. When the waves reach the fixed object, they are reflected back. The original wave and the reflected wave interfered to produce a standing wave. Try it yourself and see if the wave seems motionless.[SEP] A standing wave occurs
Sound has certain characteristic properties because of the way the sound energy moves in the waves. Sound properties include speed, sound and height.[SEP] How Sound Energy Moves in Waves
Sound has certain characteristic properties because of the way the sound energy moves in the waves. Sound properties include speed, sound and height.[SEP] Sound has certain characteristic properties
In radio broadcasts, sounds are encoded in radio waves that are sent into the atmosphere from a radio tower. A receiver detects radio waves and turns them into sounds. You probably listened to AM and FM radio stations. The way in which sounds are encoded in radio waves differs between AM and FM programs. AM means amplitude modulation. In AM emissions, sound signals are encoded by changing the amplitude of radio waves. AM programs use radio waves with a longer wavelength than FM programs. Because of their longer wavelengths, AM radio waves reflect on a layer of the upper atmosphere called the ionosphere. You can see how this happens in Figure 21.8. This allows AM radio waves to reach radio receivers that are very far from the radio tower. FM means frequency modulation. In FM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the frequency of radio waves. Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than amplitude modulation, so FM emissions generally sound more clearly than AM emissions. However, due to their shorter wavelength, FM waves do not reflect from the ionosphere. Instead, they pass directly through and outside the space (see Figure 21.8). As a result, FM waves cannot reach very distant receivers.[SEP] Their shorter wavelength, FM waves do not reflect from the ionosphere
In radio broadcasts, sounds are encoded in radio waves that are sent into the atmosphere from a radio tower. A receiver detects radio waves and turns them into sounds. You probably listened to AM and FM radio stations. The way in which sounds are encoded in radio waves differs between AM and FM programs. AM means amplitude modulation. In AM emissions, sound signals are encoded by changing the amplitude of radio waves. AM programs use radio waves with a longer wavelength than FM programs. Because of their longer wavelengths, AM radio waves reflect on a layer of the upper atmosphere called the ionosphere. You can see how this happens in Figure 21.8. This allows AM radio waves to reach radio receivers that are very far from the radio tower. FM means frequency modulation. In FM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the frequency of radio waves. Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than amplitude modulation, so FM emissions generally sound more clearly than AM emissions. However, due to their shorter wavelength, FM waves do not reflect from the ionosphere. Instead, they pass directly through and outside the space (see Figure 21.8). As a result, FM waves cannot reach very distant receivers.[SEP] However
The sun and the other stars produce light because they are so hot. They shine with light because of their extremely high temperatures. This way of producing light is called incandescence. Some objects produce light without becoming very hot. They generate light through chemical reactions or other processes. The production of light without heat is called luminescence. The objects that produce light by luminescence are said to be luminous. Luminescence, in turn, can occur in different ways: A type of luminescence is called fluorescence. In this process, a substance absorbs light of shorter wavelength, such as ultraviolet light, and then emits light in the visible range of wavelengths. Some minerals produce light. Another type of luminescence is called electroluminescence. In this process, a substance emits light when an electric current passes through it. Some gases produce light. A third type of luminescence is called bioluminescence. It is the production of light by living beings as a result of chemical reactions. Examples of bioluminescent organisms are presented in Figure 22.2. You can learn more about bioluminescence in the video at this URL: Many other objects seem to produce their own light, but they simply reflect the light from another source. The moon is a good example. It seems to shine in the sky of its own light, but in reality it just reflects the light of the sun. Objects like the moon, illuminated by another source of light, are said to be illuminated. Everything you can see that does not produce its own light is illuminated.[SEP] Chemical reactions
The sun and the other stars produce light because they are so hot. They shine with light because of their extremely high temperatures. This way of producing light is called incandescence. Some objects produce light without becoming very hot. They generate light through chemical reactions or other processes. The production of light without heat is called luminescence. The objects that produce light by luminescence are said to be luminous. Luminescence, in turn, can occur in different ways: A type of luminescence is called fluorescence. In this process, a substance absorbs light of shorter wavelength, such as ultraviolet light, and then emits light in the visible range of wavelengths. Some minerals produce light. Another type of luminescence is called electroluminescence. In this process, a substance emits light when an electric current passes through it. Some gases produce light. A third type of luminescence is called bioluminescence. It is the production of light by living beings as a result of chemical reactions. Examples of bioluminescent organisms are presented in Figure 22.2. You can learn more about bioluminescence in the video at this URL: Many other objects seem to produce their own light, but they simply reflect the light from another source. The moon is a good example. It seems to shine in the sky of its own light, but in reality it just reflects the light of the sun. Objects like the moon, illuminated by another source of light, are said to be illuminated. Everything you can see that does not produce its own light is illuminated.[SEP] It is the production of light by living beings
The magnetism is due to the motion of electrons within the atoms of matter. When the electrons rotate around the nucleus of an atom, it makes the atom a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. In most materials, electrons orbiting the nuclei of atoms are arranged in such a way that the materials have no magnetic properties. Also, in most types of matter, the north and south poles of atoms point in all different directions, so that overall matter is not magnetic. Wood, glass, plastic, paper, copper and aluminum are examples of non-magnetic materials. These materials are not attracted to magnets and cannot become magnets. In other materials, electrons fill the orbitals of the atoms that make up the material in a way that allows each atom to have a small magnetic field, giving each atom a small north and south pole. There are large areas where the northern and southern poles of atoms are all aligned in the same direction. These zones are called magnetic domains. In general, magnetic domains point in different directions, so that the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized by placing it in a magnetic field. When this happens, all magnetic domains become aligned, and the material becomes a magnet. This is illustrated in Figure 24.6. Materials that can be magnetized are called ferromagnetic materials. They include iron, cobalt and nickel.[SEP] The motion of electrons inside matter atoms
The magnetism is due to the motion of electrons within the atoms of matter. When the electrons rotate around the nucleus of an atom, it makes the atom a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. In most materials, electrons orbiting the nuclei of atoms are arranged in such a way that the materials have no magnetic properties. Also, in most types of matter, the north and south poles of atoms point in all different directions, so that overall matter is not magnetic. Wood, glass, plastic, paper, copper and aluminum are examples of non-magnetic materials. These materials are not attracted to magnets and cannot become magnets. In other materials, electrons fill the orbitals of the atoms that make up the material in a way that allows each atom to have a small magnetic field, giving each atom a small north and south pole. There are large areas where the northern and southern poles of atoms are all aligned in the same direction. These zones are called magnetic domains. In general, magnetic domains point in different directions, so that the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized by placing it in a magnetic field. When this happens, all magnetic domains become aligned, and the material becomes a magnet. This is illustrated in Figure 24.6. Materials that can be magnetized are called ferromagnetic materials. They include iron, cobalt and nickel.[SEP] Magnetism is
You can see how Mendleev organized the elements in Figure 6.2. From left to right on each row, the elements are arranged by increasing the atomic mass. Mendleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. He called the column groups. They are sometimes called families, because the elements within a group are similar but not identical to each other, like people in a family. The Mendeleevs element table is called a periodic table due to its repetitive schema. Everything that repeats itself is called periodic. Other examples of things that are periodic include the monthly phases of the moon and the daily cycle of night and day. The term period refers to the interval between repetitions. In a periodic table, the periods are the rows in the table. In the Mendeleevs table, each period contains eight elements, then the pattern repeats in the next row.[SEP] Its repetitive scheme
You can see how Mendleev organized the elements in Figure 6.2. From left to right on each row, the elements are arranged by increasing the atomic mass. Mendleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. He called the column groups. They are sometimes called families, because the elements within a group are similar but not identical to each other, like people in a family. The Mendeleevs element table is called a periodic table due to its repetitive schema. Everything that repeats itself is called periodic. Other examples of things that are periodic include the monthly phases of the moon and the daily cycle of night and day. The term period refers to the interval between repetitions. In a periodic table, the periods are the rows in the table. In the Mendeleevs table, each period contains eight elements, then the pattern repeats in the next row.[SEP] The Mendleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table
Covalent compounds have properties different from those of ionic compounds because of their bonds. Covalent compounds exist as individual molecules rather than crystals. It takes less energy for individual molecules than ions in a crystal to detach. As a result, covalent compounds have lower melting and boiling points than ionic compounds. Many are gases or liquids at room temperature. Covalent compounds shared electrons. They are not free to move like electrons transferred from ionic compounds. This makes covalent compounds low electricity conductors. Many covalent compounds do not dissolve as much in water as all ionic compounds.[SEP] Their obligations
Covalent compounds have properties different from those of ionic compounds because of their bonds. Covalent compounds exist as individual molecules rather than crystals. It takes less energy for individual molecules than ions in a crystal to detach. As a result, covalent compounds have lower melting and boiling points than ionic compounds. Many are gases or liquids at room temperature. Covalent compounds shared electrons. They are not free to move like electrons transferred from ionic compounds. This makes covalent compounds low electricity conductors. Many covalent compounds do not dissolve as much in water as all ionic compounds.[SEP] Covalent compounds have properties different from those of ionic compounds.
Due to their free-moving electrons, metals are good conductors of electricity. Metals can also be shaped without breakage. They are ductile (can be shaped into yarns) and malleable (can be shaped into thin leaves). Metals have these properties because of the nature of their metal bonds. A metal mesh, such as that in Figure 7.13, may look like a rigid ion crystal. However, it is much more flexible. See Figure 7.14. It shows a blacksmith hammering a piece of red-hot iron to shape it. Why doesn't iron break like an ionic crystal? Metal ions can move within the "sea" of electrons without breaking the metal bonds that hold them together. The ions can get closer or away. In this way, the metal can change shape without breaking. You can learn more about metal links and metal properties at this URL: (6:12). MEDIA Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] The nature of their metal bonds
Due to their free-moving electrons, metals are good conductors of electricity. Metals can also be shaped without breakage. They are ductile (can be shaped into yarns) and malleable (can be shaped into thin leaves). Metals have these properties because of the nature of their metal bonds. A metal mesh, such as that in Figure 7.13, may look like a rigid ion crystal. However, it is much more flexible. See Figure 7.14. It shows a blacksmith hammering a piece of red-hot iron to shape it. Why doesn't iron break like an ionic crystal? Metal ions can move within the "sea" of electrons without breaking the metal bonds that hold them together. The ions can get closer or away. In this way, the metal can change shape without breaking. You can learn more about metal links and metal properties at this URL: (6:12). MEDIA Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Metals have these properties
Metals are useful for many purposes because of their unique properties. However, pure metals may be less useful than mixtures of metals. For example, iron is not as strong as steel, which is a mixture of iron and small amounts of carbon. The steel is so strong that it can hold huge bridges, as in Figure 7.15. Steel is also used to manufacture skyscrapers, cargo ships, cars and trains. Steel is an example of alloying. An alloy is a mixture of metal with one or more other elements. The other elements may be metals, non-metals or both. An alloy is a solid solution. It is formed by the fusion of a metal and the dissolution of the other elements in it. The melted solution is then allowed to cool and harden. Several other examples of alloys and their uses are illustrated in Figure 7.16. You can learn about an amazing alloy called memory wire at the URL below. If you have straps on your teeth, you can even have this alloy in your mouth![SEP] Their unique properties
Metals are useful for many purposes because of their unique properties. However, pure metals may be less useful than mixtures of metals. For example, iron is not as strong as steel, which is a mixture of iron and small amounts of carbon. The steel is so strong that it can hold huge bridges, as in Figure 7.15. Steel is also used to manufacture skyscrapers, cargo ships, cars and trains. Steel is an example of alloying. An alloy is a mixture of metal with one or more other elements. The other elements may be metals, non-metals or both. An alloy is a solid solution. It is formed by the fusion of a metal and the dissolution of the other elements in it. The melted solution is then allowed to cool and harden. Several other examples of alloys and their uses are illustrated in Figure 7.16. You can learn about an amazing alloy called memory wire at the URL below. If you have straps on your teeth, you can even have this alloy in your mouth![SEP] Metals are useful for many purposes
Unsaturated cyclic hydrocarbons are called aromatic hydrocarbons. It's because they have a strong aroma, or perfume. Their molecules consist of six ring-shaped carbon atoms, alternating by single and double bonds. Aromatic hydrocarbons may have a single cycle or several cycles connected by bonds between their carbon atoms. Benzene is the smallest aromatic hydrocarbon. There's only one ring. You can see its structural formula in Figure 9.14. Benzene has many uses. For example, it is used in air deodorizers and pellets because of its strong fragrance. You can learn more about benzene and other aromatic hydrocarbons at this URL: MEDIA Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Its strong fragrance
Unsaturated cyclic hydrocarbons are called aromatic hydrocarbons. It's because they have a strong aroma, or perfume. Their molecules consist of six ring-shaped carbon atoms, alternating by single and double bonds. Aromatic hydrocarbons may have a single cycle or several cycles connected by bonds between their carbon atoms. Benzene is the smallest aromatic hydrocarbon. There's only one ring. You can see its structural formula in Figure 9.14. Benzene has many uses. For example, it is used in air deodorizers and pellets because of its strong fragrance. You can learn more about benzene and other aromatic hydrocarbons at this URL: MEDIA Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] For example, it is used in air deodorizers and motorcycle pellets
What if you let a bowling ball and a soccer ball fall at the same time at the same distance above the ground? The bowling ball has a greater mass than basketball, so the gravity traction on it is greater. Would it fall to the ground faster? No, the bowling ball and basketball would reach the ground at the same time. The reason? The more massive bowling ball is also more difficult to move due to its larger mass, so it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the soccer ball. It's true of all the objects that fall. They all accelerate at the same rate because of gravity, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling glans due to the larger leaf surface. Q: If a leaf and a glans fell to the ground in the absence of air (i.e. in a vacuum), how would this affect their acceleration due to gravity? A: They would accelerate at the same speed and reach the ground at the same time.[SEP] Its greatest mass, so it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the soccer ball
What if you let a bowling ball and a soccer ball fall at the same time at the same distance above the ground? The bowling ball has a greater mass than basketball, so the gravity traction on it is greater. Would it fall to the ground faster? No, the bowling ball and basketball would reach the ground at the same time. The reason? The more massive bowling ball is also more difficult to move due to its larger mass, so it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the soccer ball. It's true of all the objects that fall. They all accelerate at the same rate because of gravity, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling glans due to the larger leaf surface. Q: If a leaf and a glans fell to the ground in the absence of air (i.e. in a vacuum), how would this affect their acceleration due to gravity? A: They would accelerate at the same speed and reach the ground at the same time.[SEP] The more massive bowling ball is also more difficult to move
Objects like ships can float in a fluid like water because of the buoyancy force. It is an ascending force that a fluid exerts on every object in it. Archimedes discovered that the flotation force acting on an object is equivalent to the weight of the fluid moved by the object. This law is known as the Archimedes law (or Archimedes principle).[SEP] Floating force
Objects like ships can float in a fluid like water because of the buoyancy force. It is an ascending force that a fluid exerts on every object in it. Archimedes discovered that the flotation force acting on an object is equivalent to the weight of the fluid moved by the object. This law is known as the Archimedes law (or Archimedes principle).[SEP] Objects such as ships can float in a fluid like water
Electromagnetic force is a force of attraction or repulsion between all electrically charged particles. This force is transferred between particles charged with matter by force-bearing fundamental particles called photons. Due to electromagnetic force, particles with opposite loads attract and particles with the same load repulse. Within the atom, two types of subatomic particles have an electric charge: electrons, which have an electric charge of -1, and protons, which have an electric charge opposite but equal to +1. The model of one atom in Figure 1.1 shows the two types of charged particles. Protons are found inside the nucleus in the centre of the atom, and they give the nucleus a positive charge. ( There are also neutrons in the core, but they have no electric charge.) The negative electrons remain in the area surrounding the positive nucleus due to the electromagnetic force of attraction between them. Q: Why do you think the protons regroup in the nucleus of the atom instead of repelling because of their similar charges? A: The electromagnetic force of repulsion between positively charged protons is overcome by a stronger force, called strong nuclear force.[SEP] The electromagnetic force of attraction between them
Electromagnetic force is a force of attraction or repulsion between all electrically charged particles. This force is transferred between particles charged with matter by force-bearing fundamental particles called photons. Due to electromagnetic force, particles with opposite loads attract and particles with the same load repulse. Within the atom, two types of subatomic particles have an electric charge: electrons, which have an electric charge of -1, and protons, which have an electric charge opposite but equal to +1. The model of one atom in Figure 1.1 shows the two types of charged particles. Protons are found inside the nucleus in the centre of the atom, and they give the nucleus a positive charge. ( There are also neutrons in the core, but they have no electric charge.) The negative electrons remain in the area surrounding the positive nucleus due to the electromagnetic force of attraction between them. Q: Why do you think the protons regroup in the nucleus of the atom instead of repelling because of their similar charges? A: The electromagnetic force of repulsion between positively charged protons is overcome by a stronger force, called strong nuclear force.[SEP] Negative electrons remain in the area surrounding the positive nucleus
A compound is a single substance that forms when two or more elements combine chemically. Compounds are formed as a result of chemical reactions. The elements in the compounds are maintained together by chemical bonds. A chemical bond is an attraction force between atoms or ions that share or transfer valence electrons. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL: Water is an example of a common chemical compound. As can be seen in Figure 1.1, each water molecule consists of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom. Water always has this 2:1 ratio from hydrogen to oxygen. Like water, all compounds consist of a fixed ratio of elements. It doesn't matter how much there is or how little of a compound there is. He always has the same composition. Q: Sometimes the same elements combine in different relationships. How can this happen if a compound always consists of the same elements in the same relationship? A: If the same elements combine in different relationships, they form different compounds.[SEP] Chemical reactions
A compound is a single substance that forms when two or more elements combine chemically. Compounds are formed as a result of chemical reactions. The elements in the compounds are maintained together by chemical bonds. A chemical bond is an attraction force between atoms or ions that share or transfer valence electrons. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL: Water is an example of a common chemical compound. As can be seen in Figure 1.1, each water molecule consists of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom. Water always has this 2:1 ratio from hydrogen to oxygen. Like water, all compounds consist of a fixed ratio of elements. It doesn't matter how much there is or how little of a compound there is. He always has the same composition. Q: Sometimes the same elements combine in different relationships. How can this happen if a compound always consists of the same elements in the same relationship? A: If the same elements combine in different relationships, they form different compounds.[SEP] Form of compounds
An opaque object is an object that does not allow the light to pass. Instead, it reflects or absorbs the light that strikes it. Many objects, such as the sheets illustrated in Figure 1.3, reflect only one or a few wavelengths of visible light and absorb the rest. Reflected wavelengths determine the color an object appears to the human eye. For example, leaves appear green because they reflect green light and absorb light from other wavelengths. A transparent or translucent material, such as window glass, transmits some or all of the light that strikes it. This means that the light passes through the material rather than being reflected by it. In this case, we see the material because of the transmitted light. Therefore, the wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears. Look at the beautiful stained glass windows in Figure 1.4. The different colours of the glass transmit The color of the light that strikes an object can also affect the color that the object appears. For example, if only blue light hits green leaves, blue light is absorbed and no light is reflected. Q: What color do you see if an object absorbs all the light that strikes it? A: When all the light is absorbed, none is reflected, so that the object appears black. But black is not a color of light. Black is the absence of light.[SEP] The light transmitted
An opaque object is an object that does not allow the light to pass. Instead, it reflects or absorbs the light that strikes it. Many objects, such as the sheets illustrated in Figure 1.3, reflect only one or a few wavelengths of visible light and absorb the rest. Reflected wavelengths determine the color an object appears to the human eye. For example, leaves appear green because they reflect green light and absorb light from other wavelengths. A transparent or translucent material, such as window glass, transmits some or all of the light that strikes it. This means that the light passes through the material rather than being reflected by it. In this case, we see the material because of the transmitted light. Therefore, the wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears. Look at the beautiful stained glass windows in Figure 1.4. The different colours of the glass transmit The color of the light that strikes an object can also affect the color that the object appears. For example, if only blue light hits green leaves, blue light is absorbed and no light is reflected. Q: What color do you see if an object absorbs all the light that strikes it? A: When all the light is absorbed, none is reflected, so that the object appears black. But black is not a color of light. Black is the absence of light.[SEP] In this case, we see the material
Democritus thought that different types of matter varied due to the size, shape and arrangement of their atoms. For example, he suggested that soft substances are made of smooth atoms and bitter substances are made of sharp atoms. He speculated that the liquid atoms are slippery, allowing them to slip over each other and the liquids to flow. Solid atoms, on the other hand, remain together, so that they cannot separate. Differences in the weight of matter, he argued, could be explained by the proximity of atoms. He thought that the lighter matter atoms were more dispersed and separated by a more empty space. Q: Democritus thought that different types of atoms are different types of matter. How does this look like modern ideas about atoms? A: The modern vision is that atoms of different elements differ in their number of protons and electrons, giving them different physical and chemical properties. Dust moths dance in a ray of sun.[SEP] The size, shape and arrangement of their atoms
Democritus thought that different types of matter varied due to the size, shape and arrangement of their atoms. For example, he suggested that soft substances are made of smooth atoms and bitter substances are made of sharp atoms. He speculated that the liquid atoms are slippery, allowing them to slip over each other and the liquids to flow. Solid atoms, on the other hand, remain together, so that they cannot separate. Differences in the weight of matter, he argued, could be explained by the proximity of atoms. He thought that the lighter matter atoms were more dispersed and separated by a more empty space. Q: Democritus thought that different types of atoms are different types of matter. How does this look like modern ideas about atoms? A: The modern vision is that atoms of different elements differ in their number of protons and electrons, giving them different physical and chemical properties. Dust moths dance in a ray of sun.[SEP] Democritus thought that different types of matter vary
Efficiency is the percentage of work put into a machine by the user (input work) which becomes the work performed by the machine (output work). The output work is always less than the input work because part of the input work is used to overcome friction. Therefore, efficiency is always less than 100%. The more efficient a machine is close to 100%, the better it is to reduce friction. See ramp in Figure 1.1. A ramp is a simple type of machine called an inclined plane. It is easier to push the heavy furniture to the truck ramp than to lift it straight on the floor, but pushing the furniture onto the ramp surface creates a lot of friction. Part of the force applied to the movement of furniture shall be used to overcome friction with the ramp. Q: Why would it be more efficient to use a dolly to roll furniture on the ramp? A: There would be less friction to overcome if you used a dolly because of the wheels. The efficiency of the ramp would therefore be greater with dolly.[SEP] Wheels
Efficiency is the percentage of work put into a machine by the user (input work) which becomes the work performed by the machine (output work). The output work is always less than the input work because part of the input work is used to overcome friction. Therefore, efficiency is always less than 100%. The more efficient a machine is close to 100%, the better it is to reduce friction. See ramp in Figure 1.1. A ramp is a simple type of machine called an inclined plane. It is easier to push the heavy furniture to the truck ramp than to lift it straight on the floor, but pushing the furniture onto the ramp surface creates a lot of friction. Part of the force applied to the movement of furniture shall be used to overcome friction with the ramp. Q: Why would it be more efficient to use a dolly to roll furniture on the ramp? A: There would be less friction to overcome if you used a dolly because of the wheels. The efficiency of the ramp would therefore be greater with dolly.[SEP] A: There would be less friction to overcome if you used a doll
Einstein derived his theory using mathematics. However, you can get a good understanding of it using a simple visual analogy. Imagine a bowling ball pressing on a trampoline. The trampoline surface would run down instead of flat. Now imagine placing a lighter ball on the edge of the trampoline. What's going to happen? He's gonna roll down to the bowling ball. This apparent attraction to the bowling ball occurs because the trampoline curves downwards, not because the two balls are actually drawn towards each other by an invisible force called gravity. Einstein theorized that the sun and other very massive bodies affect the space and time around them in a way that is similar to the effect of the bowling ball on the trampoline. The more massive a body is, the more space-time curves it. This idea is shown in Figure 1.1. According to Einstein, objects move towards each other due to curves in space-time, not because they pull each other with an attraction force. Einsteins' theory is supported by evidence and widely accepted today, although Newtons' law is still used for many calculations.[SEP] Curves in space-time, not because they pull each other with an attraction force
Einstein derived his theory using mathematics. However, you can get a good understanding of it using a simple visual analogy. Imagine a bowling ball pressing on a trampoline. The trampoline surface would run down instead of flat. Now imagine placing a lighter ball on the edge of the trampoline. What's going to happen? He's gonna roll down to the bowling ball. This apparent attraction to the bowling ball occurs because the trampoline curves downwards, not because the two balls are actually drawn towards each other by an invisible force called gravity. Einstein theorized that the sun and other very massive bodies affect the space and time around them in a way that is similar to the effect of the bowling ball on the trampoline. The more massive a body is, the more space-time curves it. This idea is shown in Figure 1.1. According to Einstein, objects move towards each other due to curves in space-time, not because they pull each other with an attraction force. Einsteins' theory is supported by evidence and widely accepted today, although Newtons' law is still used for many calculations.[SEP] According to Einstein, objects move towards each other
Something that is elastic can return to its original shape after being stretched or compressed. This property is called elasticity. While you stretch or compress an elastic material like a bungee cord, it resists shape change. He exercises a counter-force in the opposite direction. This force is called elastic force. The longer the material is stretched or compressed, the greater the elastic force. As soon as the stretching or compression force is released, the elastic force returns the material to its original form. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL: Q: What force extends the Bungee cord after jumps from the sweater? When does the Bungee cord return to its original shape? A: After the jumps of the bungee jumper, it accelerates to the ground due to gravity. Its weight extends over the bungee cord. As the cord stretches, it exerts an elastic force upwards against the sweater, which slows down and leads to a momentary stop. Then the bungee cord comes out to its original shape, and the sweater bounces upwards.[SEP] Vulnerability
Something that is elastic can return to its original shape after being stretched or compressed. This property is called elasticity. While you stretch or compress an elastic material like a bungee cord, it resists shape change. He exercises a counter-force in the opposite direction. This force is called elastic force. The longer the material is stretched or compressed, the greater the elastic force. As soon as the stretching or compression force is released, the elastic force returns the material to its original form. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL: Q: What force extends the Bungee cord after jumps from the sweater? When does the Bungee cord return to its original shape? A: After the jumps of the bungee jumper, it accelerates to the ground due to gravity. Its weight extends over the bungee cord. As the cord stretches, it exerts an elastic force upwards against the sweater, which slows down and leads to a momentary stop. Then the bungee cord comes out to its original shape, and the sweater bounces upwards.[SEP] A: After the jumps of the bungee jumper, it accelerates towards the ground
The electrons of the extreme energy level of an atom have a particular meaning. These electrons are called valence electrons, and they determine much of the properties of an atom. An atom is the most stable if its extreme energy level contains as many electrons as it can contain. For example, the helium has two electrons, both at the first level of energy. This energy level can only contain two electrons, so that only the helium energy level is full. This makes helium a very stable element. In other words, it is unlikely that its atoms will react with other atoms. Consider the fluorine and lithium elements, modelled in Figure 1.3. Fluorine has seven of the eight possible electrons in its extreme energy level, i.e. energy level II. He would be more stable if he had one more electron because it would fill his extreme energy level. Lithium, on the other hand, has only one of eight possible electrons in its extreme energy level (also energy level II). It would be more stable if it had an electron less because it would have a full external energy level (now energy level I). Fluorine and lithium are highly reactive elements because of their number of valence electrons. Fluorine will easily win an electron and lithium will just as easily abandon an electron to become more stable. In fact, lithium and fluorine will react together, as shown in Figure 1.4. When both elements react, lithium transfers its additional electron to fluorine. Q: A neon atom has ten electrons. How many electrons does it have in its extreme energy level? How stable do you think a neon atom is? A: A neon atom has two electrons in energy level I and its remaining eight electrons in energy level II, which can[SEP] Their number of valence electrons
The electrons of the extreme energy level of an atom have a particular meaning. These electrons are called valence electrons, and they determine much of the properties of an atom. An atom is the most stable if its extreme energy level contains as many electrons as it can contain. For example, the helium has two electrons, both at the first level of energy. This energy level can only contain two electrons, so that only the helium energy level is full. This makes helium a very stable element. In other words, it is unlikely that its atoms will react with other atoms. Consider the fluorine and lithium elements, modelled in Figure 1.3. Fluorine has seven of the eight possible electrons in its extreme energy level, i.e. energy level II. He would be more stable if he had one more electron because it would fill his extreme energy level. Lithium, on the other hand, has only one of eight possible electrons in its extreme energy level (also energy level II). It would be more stable if it had an electron less because it would have a full external energy level (now energy level I). Fluorine and lithium are highly reactive elements because of their number of valence electrons. Fluorine will easily win an electron and lithium will just as easily abandon an electron to become more stable. In fact, lithium and fluorine will react together, as shown in Figure 1.4. When both elements react, lithium transfers its additional electron to fluorine. Q: A neon atom has ten electrons. How many electrons does it have in its extreme energy level? How stable do you think a neon atom is? A: A neon atom has two electrons in energy level I and its remaining eight electrons in energy level II, which can[SEP] Fluorine and lithium are highly reactive elements
Magnetism is the ability of a material to be attracted by a magnet and act as a magnet. The magnetism is due to the motion of electrons within the atoms of matter. When the electrons rotate around the nucleus of an atom, it makes the atom a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. In most materials, the north and south poles of atoms point in all directions, so overall the material is not magnetic. Wood, glass, plastic, paper, copper and aluminum are examples of non-magnetic materials. These materials are not attracted to magnets and cannot become magnets. In other materials, there are regions where the northern and southern poles of atoms are all aligned in the same direction. These regions are called magnetic domains. In general, magnetic domains point in different directions, so that the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized (made by magnet) by placing it in a magnetic field. When this happens, all magnetic domains align, and the material becomes a magnet. You can see it in Figure 1.1. Materials that can be magnified are called ferromagnetic materials. They include iron, cobalt and nickel.[SEP] The motion of electrons inside matter atoms
Magnetism is the ability of a material to be attracted by a magnet and act as a magnet. The magnetism is due to the motion of electrons within the atoms of matter. When the electrons rotate around the nucleus of an atom, it makes the atom a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. In most materials, the north and south poles of atoms point in all directions, so overall the material is not magnetic. Wood, glass, plastic, paper, copper and aluminum are examples of non-magnetic materials. These materials are not attracted to magnets and cannot become magnets. In other materials, there are regions where the northern and southern poles of atoms are all aligned in the same direction. These regions are called magnetic domains. In general, magnetic domains point in different directions, so that the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized (made by magnet) by placing it in a magnetic field. When this happens, all magnetic domains align, and the material becomes a magnet. You can see it in Figure 1.1. Materials that can be magnified are called ferromagnetic materials. They include iron, cobalt and nickel.[SEP] Magnetism is
The different forms of energy are defined and illustrated below. - Yeah, that's right. Mechanical energy is the energy of movement. It is found in objects that move or have the potential to move. 2. Chemical energy is the energy stored in the bonds between the atoms of compounds. If the bonds are broken, the energy is released and can be converted into other forms of energy. This portable guitar amplifier can work on batteries. Batteries store chemical energy and transform it into electrical energy. 3. Electrical energy is the energy of mobile electrons. The electrons cross the wires to create electric current. 4. Electromagnetic energy is the energy that travels in space in the form of electric and magnetic waves. The light inundating the stage of Figure 1.3 is a type of electromagnetic energy. Other types include radio waves, microwaves, X-rays and gamma rays. 5. Thermal energy is the energy of the moving atoms of matter. All matter has thermal energy because the atoms of any matter are constantly in motion. An object with more mass has more thermal energy than an object with less mass because it has more atoms. Why does this jogger sweat so much? His sweat absorbs his shirt because he has so much thermal energy. Jogging is a hot job because of the heat of the sun and the hard work it puts in its race. 6. Acoustic energy is a form of mechanical energy that begins with a vibration in matter. For example, singers make the voice 7. Nuclear energy is the energy that is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that keep the nucleus together. Energy can be released into nuclear power plants by dividing nuclei. It is also released when unstable (radioactive) nuclei decompose or decompose. Q: Fans of a rock concert also produce or use several forms of energy. What is it? A: Fans see the concert because of the electromagnetic energy (light) that comes into their eyes well-lit musicians on stage. They hear music because of the sound energy that reaches their ears from the amplifiers. They use mechanical energy when they slam their hands and jump out of their seats in excitement. Their bodies generate thermal energy, using chemical energy stored in the food they have consumed.[SEP] The warmth of the sun and the hard work it puts in its race
The different forms of energy are defined and illustrated below. - Yeah, that's right. Mechanical energy is the energy of movement. It is found in objects that move or have the potential to move. 2. Chemical energy is the energy stored in the bonds between the atoms of compounds. If the bonds are broken, the energy is released and can be converted into other forms of energy. This portable guitar amplifier can work on batteries. Batteries store chemical energy and transform it into electrical energy. 3. Electrical energy is the energy of mobile electrons. The electrons cross the wires to create electric current. 4. Electromagnetic energy is the energy that travels in space in the form of electric and magnetic waves. The light inundating the stage of Figure 1.3 is a type of electromagnetic energy. Other types include radio waves, microwaves, X-rays and gamma rays. 5. Thermal energy is the energy of the moving atoms of matter. All matter has thermal energy because the atoms of any matter are constantly in motion. An object with more mass has more thermal energy than an object with less mass because it has more atoms. Why does this jogger sweat so much? His sweat absorbs his shirt because he has so much thermal energy. Jogging is a hot job because of the heat of the sun and the hard work it puts in its race. 6. Acoustic energy is a form of mechanical energy that begins with a vibration in matter. For example, singers make the voice 7. Nuclear energy is the energy that is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that keep the nucleus together. Energy can be released into nuclear power plants by dividing nuclei. It is also released when unstable (radioactive) nuclei decompose or decompose. Q: Fans of a rock concert also produce or use several forms of energy. What is it? A: Fans see the concert because of the electromagnetic energy (light) that comes into their eyes well-lit musicians on stage. They hear music because of the sound energy that reaches their ears from the amplifiers. They use mechanical energy when they slam their hands and jump out of their seats in excitement. Their bodies generate thermal energy, using chemical energy stored in the food they have consumed.[SEP] Jogging is a hot job
The weight measures the force of gravity that pulls down on an object. The SI unit for weight, like other forces, is the Newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 Newtons due to the tensile gravity of the Earth. On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. The weight is measured using a scale, such as the spring scale shown in Figure 1.1. The scale measures the force with which gravity pulls an object down. To dive deeper into weight and gravity, watch this video: Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] The Attraction of Earth's Gravity
The weight measures the force of gravity that pulls down on an object. The SI unit for weight, like other forces, is the Newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 Newtons due to the tensile gravity of the Earth. On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. The weight is measured using a scale, such as the spring scale shown in Figure 1.1. The scale measures the force with which gravity pulls an object down. To dive deeper into weight and gravity, watch this video: Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 Newtons
The cookie sheet of the opening image transfers thermal energy to cookies and helps them to cook. There are many other common examples of conduction. Figure 1.1 shows some situations in which thermal energy is transferred in this way. Q: How is thermal energy transferred in each of the situations described in Figure 1.1? A: Thermal energy is transferred by conduction from the hot iron to the shirt, from the hot cut by hand holding it, from the flame of the camp stove to the bottom of the pot and from the bottom of the pot to the food inside, and from the feet to the snow. The shirt, hand, pan, food and snow become warmer because of the energy transferred. Because the feet lose thermal energy, they feel colder.[SEP] Energy transferred
The cookie sheet of the opening image transfers thermal energy to cookies and helps them to cook. There are many other common examples of conduction. Figure 1.1 shows some situations in which thermal energy is transferred in this way. Q: How is thermal energy transferred in each of the situations described in Figure 1.1? A: Thermal energy is transferred by conduction from the hot iron to the shirt, from the hot cut by hand holding it, from the flame of the camp stove to the bottom of the pot and from the bottom of the pot to the food inside, and from the feet to the snow. The shirt, hand, pan, food and snow become warmer because of the energy transferred. Because the feet lose thermal energy, they feel colder.[SEP] The shirt, the hand, the pan, the food and the snow become warmer
Inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its movement. All objects have inertia, whether stationary or mobile. Inertia explains Newtons first law of movement, which states that an object at rest will remain at rest and an object in motion will remain in motion unless it is acted by an unbalanced force. That is why Newtons first law of movement is sometimes called the law of inertia. Q: You probably don't realize it, but you experience inertia all the time, and you don't have to skateboard. For example, think about what happens when you drive in a car that suddenly stops. Your body moves forward on the seat and hits the seat belt. Why is this happening? A: Brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving because of inertia.[SEP] inertia
Inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its movement. All objects have inertia, whether stationary or mobile. Inertia explains Newtons first law of movement, which states that an object at rest will remain at rest and an object in motion will remain in motion unless it is acted by an unbalanced force. That is why Newtons first law of movement is sometimes called the law of inertia. Q: You probably don't realize it, but you experience inertia all the time, and you don't have to skateboard. For example, think about what happens when you drive in a car that suddenly stops. Your body moves forward on the seat and hits the seat belt. Why is this happening? A: Brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving because of inertia.[SEP] A: Brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving
The waves in the above picture are examples of mechanical waves. A mechanical wave is a disturbance in matter that transfers energy through matter. A mechanical wave begins when the matter is disturbed. An energy source is needed to disrupt matter and trigger a mechanical wave. Q: Where does the energy in the water wave shown above come from? A: The energy comes from droplets that fall from the water, which have kinetic energy because of their movement.[SEP] Their motions
The waves in the above picture are examples of mechanical waves. A mechanical wave is a disturbance in matter that transfers energy through matter. A mechanical wave begins when the matter is disturbed. An energy source is needed to disrupt matter and trigger a mechanical wave. Q: Where does the energy in the water wave shown above come from? A: The energy comes from droplets that fall from the water, which have kinetic energy because of their movement.[SEP] A: Energy comes from droplets that fall from the water, which have kinetic energy
You can see how Mendleev organized the elements in Figure 1.2. From left to right on each row, the elements are arranged by increasing the atomic mass. Mendleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. He called the column groups. They are sometimes called families, because the elements within a group are similar but not identical to each other, like people in a family. The Mendeleevs element table is called a periodic table due to its repetitive schema. Everything that repeats itself is called periodic. Other examples of things that are periodic include the monthly phases of the moon and the daily cycle of night and day. The term period refers to the interval between repetitions. For example, moon phases are repeated every four weeks. In a periodic table of elements, the periods are the rows of the table. In the Mendeleevs table, each period contains eight elements, then the pattern repeats in the next row.[SEP] Its repetitive scheme
You can see how Mendleev organized the elements in Figure 1.2. From left to right on each row, the elements are arranged by increasing the atomic mass. Mendleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. He called the column groups. They are sometimes called families, because the elements within a group are similar but not identical to each other, like people in a family. The Mendeleevs element table is called a periodic table due to its repetitive schema. Everything that repeats itself is called periodic. Other examples of things that are periodic include the monthly phases of the moon and the daily cycle of night and day. The term period refers to the interval between repetitions. For example, moon phases are repeated every four weeks. In a periodic table of elements, the periods are the rows of the table. In the Mendeleevs table, each period contains eight elements, then the pattern repeats in the next row.[SEP] The Mendleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table
The Earth and many other bodies, including asteroids, comets and other planets move around the sun in curved paths called orbits. In general, the orbits are elliptic or oval. You can see the shape of the Earth orbit in Figure 1.1. Because of the relatively strong gravity of the sun, the Earth and other bodies are constantly falling towards the sun, but they remain far enough away from the sun because of their forward speed to fall around the sun instead of entering it. As a result, they continue to orbit the sun and never crash on its surface. The motion of the Earth and other bodies around the sun is called orbital motion. The orbital motion occurs whenever an object moves and at the same time is drawn by gravity towards another object.[SEP] Their speed forwards to fall around the sun instead of entering it
The Earth and many other bodies, including asteroids, comets and other planets move around the sun in curved paths called orbits. In general, the orbits are elliptic or oval. You can see the shape of the Earth orbit in Figure 1.1. Because of the relatively strong gravity of the sun, the Earth and other bodies are constantly falling towards the sun, but they remain far enough away from the sun because of their forward speed to fall around the sun instead of entering it. As a result, they continue to orbit the sun and never crash on its surface. The motion of the Earth and other bodies around the sun is called orbital motion. The orbital motion occurs whenever an object moves and at the same time is drawn by gravity towards another object.[SEP] Because of the relatively strong gravity of the sun, the Earth and other bodies are constantly falling towards the sun, but they remain far enough from the sun.
Just as the Earth revolves around the sun, the Moon also revolves around the Earth. The moon is affected by the gravity of the Earth more than it is by the gravity of the sun because the moon is much closer to the Earth. The gravity between Earth and the Moon draws the Moon towards Earth. At the same time, the moon has a forward velocity that is in part contrary to the gravity force of the Earth. The moon revolves around the Earth instead of falling to the surface of the planet. Figure 1.2 shows the forces involved in the orbital motion of the moons around the Earth. In the diagram, v represents the forward velocity of the moon, and a represents the acceleration due to the gravity between the Earth and the moon. The encircled line of the Earth shows the real orbit of the moons, which results from the combination of v and a.[SEP] The gravity between the Earth and the Moon
Just as the Earth revolves around the sun, the Moon also revolves around the Earth. The moon is affected by the gravity of the Earth more than it is by the gravity of the sun because the moon is much closer to the Earth. The gravity between Earth and the Moon draws the Moon towards Earth. At the same time, the moon has a forward velocity that is in part contrary to the gravity force of the Earth. The moon revolves around the Earth instead of falling to the surface of the planet. Figure 1.2 shows the forces involved in the orbital motion of the moons around the Earth. In the diagram, v represents the forward velocity of the moon, and a represents the acceleration due to the gravity between the Earth and the moon. The encircled line of the Earth shows the real orbit of the moons, which results from the combination of v and a.[SEP] In the diagram, v represents the forward speed of the moon, and a represents the acceleration
The diver has energy because of its high position above the pool. The type of energy it has is called potential energy. Potential energy is energy that is stored in a person or object. Often, the person or object has potential energy because of its position or shape. Q: What about the diver's position that gives him potential energy? A: Because the diver is high above the water, it has the potential to fall to Earth because of gravity. It gives him potential energy.[SEP] Its position above the pool
The diver has energy because of its high position above the pool. The type of energy it has is called potential energy. Potential energy is energy that is stored in a person or object. Often, the person or object has potential energy because of its position or shape. Q: What about the diver's position that gives him potential energy? A: Because the diver is high above the water, it has the potential to fall to Earth because of gravity. It gives him potential energy.[SEP] The diver has energy
The potential energy from the position of an object above the Earth's surface is called gravitational potential energy. Like the diver on the dive board, everything that is raised above the Earth's surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. You can see another example of people with gravitational energy potential in Figure 1.1. The potential gravitational energy depends on the weight of an object and its height above the ground. It can be calculated using the equation: Potential gravitational energy (PEG) = weight size Consider the little girl on the sled, shown in Figure 1.1. It weighs 140 Newtons, and the top of the hill is 4 meters higher than the bottom of the hill. As it sits at the top of the hill, the potential gravitational energy for children is: GPE = 140 N 4 m = 560 N m Note that the response is given in meters Newton (N m), which is the SI unit for energy. A Newton meter is the energy needed to move a weight of 1 Newton over a distance of 1 meter. A Newton counter is also called a joule (J). Q: The gymnast on the balance beam shown in Figure 1.1 weighs 360 Newtons. If the balance beam is 1.2 metres above the ground, what is the potential energy of the gymnasts? A: Gravitation potential is: GPE = 360 N 1.2 m = 432 N m, or 432 J[SEP] Vulnerability
The potential energy from the position of an object above the Earth's surface is called gravitational potential energy. Like the diver on the dive board, everything that is raised above the Earth's surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. You can see another example of people with gravitational energy potential in Figure 1.1. The potential gravitational energy depends on the weight of an object and its height above the ground. It can be calculated using the equation: Potential gravitational energy (PEG) = weight size Consider the little girl on the sled, shown in Figure 1.1. It weighs 140 Newtons, and the top of the hill is 4 meters higher than the bottom of the hill. As it sits at the top of the hill, the potential gravitational energy for children is: GPE = 140 N 4 m = 560 N m Note that the response is given in meters Newton (N m), which is the SI unit for energy. A Newton meter is the energy needed to move a weight of 1 Newton over a distance of 1 meter. A Newton counter is also called a joule (J). Q: The gymnast on the balance beam shown in Figure 1.1 weighs 360 Newtons. If the balance beam is 1.2 metres above the ground, what is the potential energy of the gymnasts? A: Gravitation potential is: GPE = 360 N 1.2 m = 432 N m, or 432 J[SEP] Like the diver on the dive board, everything that is raised above the Earth's surface has the potential to fall
Potential energy from a form of objects is called potential elastic energy. This energy occurs when an elastic object is stretched or compressed. The longer the object is extended or compressed, the greater its potential energy. A point will be reached when the object can no longer be stretched or compressed. Then he will return forcefully to his original form. Look at the pogo stick in Figure 1.2. Its spring has an energy of elastic potential when it is pressed by the weight of the boys. When it can no longer be compressed, it will return to its original form. The energy he releases will push the pogo stick and the boy out of the ground. Q: The girl in Figure 1.3 gives the elastic band of her energy potential by stretching it. She's holding a little stone against the band. What happens when she pulls out the band? A: The elastic band will return to its original shape. When it happens, be careful! Part of the potential elastic energy of the bands will be transferred to the stone, which will fly through the air.[SEP] A form of objects is called energy of elastic potential
Potential energy from a form of objects is called potential elastic energy. This energy occurs when an elastic object is stretched or compressed. The longer the object is extended or compressed, the greater its potential energy. A point will be reached when the object can no longer be stretched or compressed. Then he will return forcefully to his original form. Look at the pogo stick in Figure 1.2. Its spring has an energy of elastic potential when it is pressed by the weight of the boys. When it can no longer be compressed, it will return to its original form. The energy he releases will push the pogo stick and the boy out of the ground. Q: The girl in Figure 1.3 gives the elastic band of her energy potential by stretching it. She's holding a little stone against the band. What happens when she pulls out the band? A: The elastic band will return to its original shape. When it happens, be careful! Part of the potential elastic energy of the bands will be transferred to the stone, which will fly through the air.[SEP] Potential energy
All of the potential energy examples described above relate to movement or displacement potential. The form of energy that involves movement is called mechanical energy. Other forms of energy also concern potential energy, including chemical energy and nuclear energy. Chemical energy is stored in the bonds between the atoms of compounds. For example, both food and batteries contain chemical energy. Nuclear energy is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that keep the nucleus together. The nuclei of radioactive elements such as uranium are unstable, so they break and release stored energy.[SEP] Strong forces that keep the core together
All of the potential energy examples described above relate to movement or displacement potential. The form of energy that involves movement is called mechanical energy. Other forms of energy also concern potential energy, including chemical energy and nuclear energy. Chemical energy is stored in the bonds between the atoms of compounds. For example, both food and batteries contain chemical energy. Nuclear energy is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that keep the nucleus together. The nuclei of radioactive elements such as uranium are unstable, so they break and release stored energy.[SEP] Nuclear energy is stored in nuclei of atoms
Most of the light visible on Earth comes from the sun. The sun and the other stars produce light because they are so hot. They shine with light because of their extremely high temperatures. This way of producing light is called incandescence. Incandescent bulbs also produce light in this way. When the electrical current passes through a wire filament inside an incandescent bulb, the wire becomes so hot that it shines. See the luminous filament inside the incandescent bulb in Figure 1.1? Q: What are other sources of incandescent light? A: Flames also produce incandescent light. For example, lit candles, oil lamps and bonfires produce light in this way.[SEP] Their extremely high temperatures
Most of the light visible on Earth comes from the sun. The sun and the other stars produce light because they are so hot. They shine with light because of their extremely high temperatures. This way of producing light is called incandescence. Incandescent bulbs also produce light in this way. When the electrical current passes through a wire filament inside an incandescent bulb, the wire becomes so hot that it shines. See the luminous filament inside the incandescent bulb in Figure 1.1? Q: What are other sources of incandescent light? A: Flames also produce incandescent light. For example, lit candles, oil lamps and bonfires produce light in this way.[SEP] They shine with light
Some objects produce light without becoming very hot. They generate light through chemical reactions or other processes. The production of light without heat is called luminescence. Luminescence, in turn, can occur in several different ways: A type of luminescence is called fluorescence. In this process, a substance absorbs ultraviolet light of shorter wavelength and then emits light in the visible range of wavelengths. Some minerals produce light, including precious stones such as amethyst, diamond and emerald. Another type of luminescence is called electroluminescence. In this process, a substance emits light when an electric current passes through it. Gases such as neon, argon and krypton produce light by this means. The edge lights in Figure 1.2 are produced by electroluminescence. A third type of luminescence is called bioluminescence. It is the production of light by living beings as a result of chemical reactions. The above opening photo jellyfish produces light by bioluminescence. The same applies to the skylight in Figure 1.3. The fireflies emit visible light to attract companions.[SEP] Chemical reactions
Some objects produce light without becoming very hot. They generate light through chemical reactions or other processes. The production of light without heat is called luminescence. Luminescence, in turn, can occur in several different ways: A type of luminescence is called fluorescence. In this process, a substance absorbs ultraviolet light of shorter wavelength and then emits light in the visible range of wavelengths. Some minerals produce light, including precious stones such as amethyst, diamond and emerald. Another type of luminescence is called electroluminescence. In this process, a substance emits light when an electric current passes through it. Gases such as neon, argon and krypton produce light by this means. The edge lights in Figure 1.2 are produced by electroluminescence. A third type of luminescence is called bioluminescence. It is the production of light by living beings as a result of chemical reactions. The above opening photo jellyfish produces light by bioluminescence. The same applies to the skylight in Figure 1.3. The fireflies emit visible light to attract companions.[SEP] It is the production of light by living beings
Another example of static discharge, but on a much larger scale, is lightning. You can see how this happens in the following diagram (Figure 1.1). During a rainstorm, clouds develop areas of positive and negative load due to the movement of air molecules, drops of water and ice particles. Negative loads are concentrated at the base of clouds, and positive loads are concentrated at the top. Negative loads push electrons on the ground beneath them, so that the ground under the clouds becomes positively charged. At first, the atmosphere prevents electrons from moving away from the negative load zones and from moving towards the positive load zones. However, as other loads accumulate, the air between the opposite load zones also becomes loaded. When this happens, static electricity is discharged like lightning bolts.[SEP] Movement of air molecules, drops of water and ice particles
Another example of static discharge, but on a much larger scale, is lightning. You can see how this happens in the following diagram (Figure 1.1). During a rainstorm, clouds develop areas of positive and negative load due to the movement of air molecules, drops of water and ice particles. Negative loads are concentrated at the base of clouds, and positive loads are concentrated at the top. Negative loads push electrons on the ground beneath them, so that the ground under the clouds becomes positively charged. At first, the atmosphere prevents electrons from moving away from the negative load zones and from moving towards the positive load zones. However, as other loads accumulate, the air between the opposite load zones also becomes loaded. When this happens, static electricity is discharged like lightning bolts.[SEP] During a rainstorm, clouds develop areas of positive and negative load
You might be surprised to learn that everything radiates thermal energy, not just really hot things like the sun or a fire. For example, when it is cold outside, a heated house radiates part of its thermal energy into the outdoor environment. A poorly isolated house radiates more energy than a well-insulated house. Special cameras can be used to detect apparent heat. In Figure 1.2, you can see an image created by one of these cameras. The areas that are yellow are the areas where the greatest amount of thermal energy radiates from the house. Even people radiate thermal energy. In fact, when a room is full of people, it can feel much warmer because of all the thermal energy people radiate! Q: Where is the thermal radiation radiating from the house in the image? A: The greatest amount of thermal energy radiates from the window at the top left. A lot of thermal energy also radiates from the edges of the windows and the door.[SEP] All the thermal energy people radiate
You might be surprised to learn that everything radiates thermal energy, not just really hot things like the sun or a fire. For example, when it is cold outside, a heated house radiates part of its thermal energy into the outdoor environment. A poorly isolated house radiates more energy than a well-insulated house. Special cameras can be used to detect apparent heat. In Figure 1.2, you can see an image created by one of these cameras. The areas that are yellow are the areas where the greatest amount of thermal energy radiates from the house. Even people radiate thermal energy. In fact, when a room is full of people, it can feel much warmer because of all the thermal energy people radiate! Q: Where is the thermal radiation radiating from the house in the image? A: The greatest amount of thermal energy radiates from the window at the top left. A lot of thermal energy also radiates from the edges of the windows and the door.[SEP] In fact, when a room is full of people, it can feel much warmer
Suppose you walked on a wool carpet in rubber-sold shoes and become negatively loaded. If you can then touch a metal door handle, the neutral metal electrons will be pushed back and move away from your hand before even touching the button. In this way, one end of the handle becomes positively loaded and the other end becomes negatively charged. That's what we call polarization. Polarization occurs whenever electrons within a neutral object move because of the electric field of a nearby loaded object. It occurs without direct contact between the two objects. Figure 1.2 shows how polarization occurs. Q: What happens when the plastic rod negatively loaded in the diagram is placed near the neutral metal plate? A: The electrons in the plate are pushed back by positive loads in the stem. The electrons move away from the stem, causing a positive charge on one side of the plate and a negative charge on the other side.[SEP] The electric field of a nearby loaded object
Suppose you walked on a wool carpet in rubber-sold shoes and become negatively loaded. If you can then touch a metal door handle, the neutral metal electrons will be pushed back and move away from your hand before even touching the button. In this way, one end of the handle becomes positively loaded and the other end becomes negatively charged. That's what we call polarization. Polarization occurs whenever electrons within a neutral object move because of the electric field of a nearby loaded object. It occurs without direct contact between the two objects. Figure 1.2 shows how polarization occurs. Q: What happens when the plastic rod negatively loaded in the diagram is placed near the neutral metal plate? A: The electrons in the plate are pushed back by positive loads in the stem. The electrons move away from the stem, causing a positive charge on one side of the plate and a negative charge on the other side.[SEP] Polarization occurs whenever electrons move within a neutral object
Many people have problems with their vision, or the ability to see. Often, the problem is due to the shape of the eyes and the way they focus the light. Two of the most common vision problems are myopia and myopia, which you can read below. You can even have one of those vision problems yourself. Usually, problems can be corrected with contact lenses or lenses in the glasses. In many people, they can also be corrected by laser surgery, which remodels the outer layer of the eye. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] The shape of the eyes and how they focus light
Many people have problems with their vision, or the ability to see. Often, the problem is due to the shape of the eyes and the way they focus the light. Two of the most common vision problems are myopia and myopia, which you can read below. You can even have one of those vision problems yourself. Usually, problems can be corrected with contact lenses or lenses in the glasses. In many people, they can also be corrected by laser surgery, which remodels the outer layer of the eye. Click on the image on the left or use the URL below. URL:[SEP] Often the problem is
Waves may reflect an obstacle they are unable to cross. When the waves are reflected directly from an obstacle, the reflected waves interfere with the original waves and create standing waves. These are waves that seem to remain motionless. The standing waves occur because of a combination of constructive and destructive interference. Q: How can you use a rope to produce standing waves? A: You could attach one end of the rope to a fixed object, such as the door handle, and move the other end upwards and downwards to generate waves in the rope. When the waves reach the fixed object, they are reflected back. The original waves and reflected waves interfere to produce a standing wave. Try it yourself and see if the waves seem to remain motionless.[SEP] A combination of constructive and destructive interference
Waves may reflect an obstacle they are unable to cross. When the waves are reflected directly from an obstacle, the reflected waves interfere with the original waves and create standing waves. These are waves that seem to remain motionless. The standing waves occur because of a combination of constructive and destructive interference. Q: How can you use a rope to produce standing waves? A: You could attach one end of the rope to a fixed object, such as the door handle, and move the other end upwards and downwards to generate waves in the rope. When the waves reach the fixed object, they are reflected back. The original waves and reflected waves interfere to produce a standing wave. Try it yourself and see if the waves seem to remain motionless.[SEP] Standing waves occur
A corner is a single machine that consists of two inclined planes, giving it a thin and thick end, as you can see in Figure 1.1. A corner is used to cut or divide objects. The force is applied to the thick end of the corner, and the corner, in turn, applies the force to the object along both sides inclined. This force causes the separation of the object. A knife is another example of a corner. In Figure 1.2, a knife is used to cut hard pecans. The work is easy to do with the knife because of the corner shape of the blade. The very thin edge of the blade easily enters and cuts through the pecans.[SEP] The shape of the blade corner
A corner is a single machine that consists of two inclined planes, giving it a thin and thick end, as you can see in Figure 1.1. A corner is used to cut or divide objects. The force is applied to the thick end of the corner, and the corner, in turn, applies the force to the object along both sides inclined. This force causes the separation of the object. A knife is another example of a corner. In Figure 1.2, a knife is used to cut hard pecans. The work is easy to do with the knife because of the corner shape of the blade. The very thin edge of the blade easily enters and cuts through the pecans.[SEP] The work is easy to do with the knife