Why did the then Prime Minister Themba Dlamini declare a humanitarian crisis?
To what end did he focus on complex physical problems during a temporary depression following the destruction of Hiroshima by the Manhattan Project bomb?
To what end did the government begin a series of controversial downtown public housing projects that led to the demolition of many neighborhoods and the proliferation of high-rise buildings?
To what end was the Council convened?
But why never become a state?
Why are the terms sometimes used interchangeably?
Why is this period also significant?
Why hasn't Nasser been fully able to address Syria's problems?
For what purpose are cognitive activity in the form of judgments , evaluations , or thoughts are necessary ?
For what purpose do The mas bands pass " The Stage " ?
Why do Mennonites in the country stand ?
To what end does The Swanky Shutters on the Beach Hotel offer a trip to the famous Santa Monica Farmers Market?
For what purpose is This done ?
Why were the Netherlands Antilles so important to Japan?
To what end have several caretaker managers gone several caretakers?
Why was Rams quarterback Kurt Warner, who was MVP of Super Bowl XXXIV, first noticed?
Why did Madonna make an estimated $125 million?
Why was it not possible to apply these measurements correctly to cameras that did not generate sRGB files in an uncompressed format such as TIFF?
For what purpose have parts of ships been interconnected for a long time?
What is the purpose of a group of businessmen meeting behind closed doors?
Why have improvised pidgins of the languages arisen ?
To what end has China begun to blend traditions of Taoism, Buddhism, and Confucianism with Whitehead's "constructive post-modern" philosophy to create an "ecological civilization"?
For what purpose was A governing territorial council elected ?
Why did the government of Guam propose a commonwealth ?
Why did the latter immigrants have greater difficulties in settling permanently than the immigrants from British colonies in the West Indies?
Why did North Indian music and dance become popular during the reign of the Mughals and Nizams?
Why do they soak the warmth on rocky ledges?
What is Gephardt [minority leader] for?
Why has this led to better compatibility with non-Apple machines?
Why match 7 to 9 "tones," [quote required] correctly designated tone classes according to the traditional Chinese system?
To what end did Darwin publish his theory?
To what end did these men come to London only to discover that the literary market was simply incapable of supporting a large number of writers who were already very poorly paid by the publishing company - the book trade guilds?
What was the purpose of the applications?
Why was a semi-finalist, Delano Cagnolatti, disqualified?
Why Should effective as a large poster prove ?
To what end did the early persecuted Muslims flee to various places in the region, including the town of Zeila in what is now northern Somalia?
Why did more than 9 million soldiers die on the various battlefields?
Why is the government sacrificing Hong Kong's image?
Why were there few naval battles in the Korean War?
To what end did Yerkes analyze the sexual behavior of chimpanzees?
Why did English Freemasonry come to a halt almost in 1799?
To what end did kings sometimes divide power evenly between two or more ministers?
To what end have a new generation of clubs like Liverpool's Cream and the Ministry of Sound opened?
Why have attempts to use regular telephone networks to transmit slow-scan video, such as the first systems developed by AT & T Corporation that were first explored in the 1950s, failed?
To what end did Jews enforce coercion?
What is the purpose of a serious reform of their methods?
Why have his Canadian broadcasters turned most of their channels into digital?
What is the purpose of the < br > - @ person Federal Open Market Committee meeting eight times a year?
Why does the height of the minus figures vary?
Why did it object?
Why is The Rodeo Parade a popular event?
Why has relegation been avoided?
Why is the location of Nanjing wonderful?
Why did Italy become a major industrial country again?
Why can regulations also restrict the use of lead in ammunition?
Cornwallis was killed in the Battle of Cowan's Ford in the Battle of Cowan's Ford in the Battle of Cowan's Ford on February 1, 1781.
For what purpose did by V - Disc produce the six - minute 12-inch ( 30 cm ) 78 rpm records ?
Why are olfactory lobes proportionally larger in the brains of mammals than in reptiles?
What is the purpose of sometimes building two lifts?
Why is to draw a clear line between agricultural and hunter - gatherer societies difficult sometimes ?
To what end has Nearchus come?
Why has the debate deepened?
To what end does the agreement of both groups require a system?
Why can the brightness be regulated with simple TRIAC dimmers?
To what end do the richer countries sometimes promote territorial reforms?
Why was he recommended for the Silver Bravery Medal?
To what end was the construction of an underground railway system started in 1968?
To what end did Sirleaf entrust it to the SCSL after its inauguration?
To what end do witnesses from a number of congregations who form a "cycle" gather twice a year?
To what end did the zoning of 1916 require setbacks in new construction?
Why, after the founding of the People's Republic of China, did Nanjing gradually become a consumerist metropolis in the first half of the twentieth century?
Why was it accepted ?
To what end were they originally organised?
To what end have several proposals been made?
For what purpose do The mas bands converge on the Queen 's Park Savannah eventually ?
Why has the referendum turned in favour of continued association with France?
What is the use of additional scissors if the compensation system uses cables in the pit below the elevator?
Why do they all help in the final battle of the current heroes?
Why did Victoria and Albert attend the opening of a new basin in the French military port of Cherbourg on 5 August 1858?
For what purpose did the English - French squadron enter the Black Sea on 22 December 1853?
Why did the sheriffs deny passports to people who wanted to watch?
To what end has Ottens, Director of Philips "Audio Division, founded a small group?
Why were there no major attacks?
Why can we not know anything universal or infinite like God?
For what purpose does the new " Hybrid Boot " mode hibernate the Windows kernel on shutdown ?
To what end, therefore, have many tribes promoted marriage between the two groups?
What was the purpose of the Philadelphia and Atlantic City Railways?
To what end can titles be patched while the game itself needs to be programmed to take advantage of 3D technology?
Why was arsenic used as a poison at that time?
To what end did the ICC issue arrest warrants on 27 June against Gaddafi, his son Saif al-Islam, and his brother-in-law Abdullah Senussi, the head of state security?
Why do great variations occur in the climatic conditions of Himachal?
For what purpose were the two converging rays shown?
For what purpose did the emperor live me?
For what purpose is done by man hunting wildlife or wild animals most commonly?
For what purpose are buildings such as hospitals and nursing homes usually the size of their emergency generators?
For what purpose did multiple elements , often half - wave dipoles wire together together ?
To what end are recommendations on water consumption contained in two recent European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) (2010) documents: (i) Dietary Guidelines and (ii) Nutritional Indicators for Water or Adequate Daily Intake (FDI)?
Why do viewers who want to follow the career development of actresses such as Barbara Stanwyck or Greta Garbo, or actors such as Cary Grant or Humphrey Bogart, have the unique opportunity to see most of the films made during their careers from start to finish?
To what end did the mammalian brain invest heavily in odor?
Why are the data generalizations?
Why are cigarettes vilified?
Why was the closing ceremony at Justin Herman Plaza cancelled?
Why was evidence obtained by the FBI from phone tapping inadmissible in court?
For what purpose does the media in these countries reveal too much ?
Why does the government have greater control over the broadcast media than the print media?
To what end did she take further lessons from guitarist Monte Pittman?
For what purpose did Gaddafi walk 20 miles during the week during the week ?
To what end has Egypt not done more?
Why do we cry ?
To what end did the RCC enact an end to the limitations of monarchy - parties from the era and the withdrawal of the Free Officers from politics?
What was the purpose of the operations?
Why is there a broad discretion under criminal law?
To what end did he soon renounce rhetoric, medicine, and astronomy?
For what purpose do the revolt suppress ?
Why did the population quadruple by 1880?
For what purpose did the stadium have to be rebuilt in 1980?
For what purpose did a change in plate motions set the stage during the middle Ordovician Period ( about 496 - 440 Ma ) ?
In 1878, New York lawyer Albon Man founded the Electro - Dynamic Light Company.
Why did John's attempt to defeat Philip in 1214 fail?
Why do the Persians remain neutral?
To what end did the 1986 Constitutional Act reform the New Zealand Constitution?
Why are household genes used as an experimental control in the analysis of gene expression?
Why did the Seleucid Empire have considerable freedom from central control?
Why has Armenia provided them with new equipment in recent years for a total price of $1?
Why does the audience clap?
For what purpose were copies of the Koran kept, since it would have been too expensive for most Muslims to buy a manuscript in mosques?
To what end is the last Arab leader accompanying him?
Why does air transport remain the most efficient form of transport within and outside the state?
For what purpose were 3,000 police deployed according to Hong Kong Chief Secretary for Administration Henry Tang ?
Why was the writer Tan Zuoren sentenced to prison?
To what end can manganese be added in small quantities?
For what purpose was a second Fort Hale built next to the original in 1863?
Why isn't that part of his intent? '
Why is inbreeding generally avoided?
Why did the city continue to reach by canal and wagon for years?
For what purpose do the game official(s ) declare the game in exceptional cases ?
To what end have the Enlisted Reserve Corps and Officer Reserve Corps been increased?
Why did Von Neumann join the government (Manhattan Project)?
Why is tourism an important industry?
For what purpose did 18 women appear in the following six weeks?
For what purpose is active tuberculosis best treated with combinations of several antibiotics?
To what end have permanent mentors been brought in that begin in the tenth season [quote needed] that begin in the tenth season [quote needed]?
To what end did Zhou and a Chinese delegation leave for Moscow on October 8th?
Why do reptiles like Adder and Viper keep the snow line?
Why should the island voluntarily give up its tax-free status?
To what end did Kelp continually grow up at the base of the blade?
For what purpose did streams bring rock debris down?
Why does the continuous - hole and surface mounting construction often have to be combined in a single installation?
To what end has air been blown?
To what end can a person use thousands of watts, a multiple of 746 watts in an official horsepower?
Why did he use his prize money for endowment funds (the "Volta Fund") and institutions in and around Washington, D.C.?
To what end did the new government designate the French army as the first of many such clashes between the army and the new workers "movements in Europe?
For what purpose does The army provide trained forces to the combatant commanders ?
Why did The Times switch to compact size in 2004?
To what end did US Senators Herb Kohl and Joe Lieberman call a hearing before Congress on 9 December 1993?
Why is the legality of this law being debated?
To what end has Tucson committed itself to conserving water and groundwater instead of moving away from a series of Tucson wells in favor of conservation, consumption - based on prices for residential and commercial water use and new wells in the more sustainable Avra Valley aquifer, northwest of the city?
To what end do large unstable areas of the warm ocean, warmed for months, give some of their thermal energy when?
Why is to do two different tasks ( one verbal and one visual ) easier ?
For what purpose did the Cooper and Ashley Rivers come together where ?
Why is this a myth according to Kees Immink?
To what end did the Qing take steps by simultaneously appointing officials recruited from the clergy to key positions?
Why did the federal government reject the version of a commonwealth that the government of Guam proposed , ?
Why is it difficult nowadays to obtain accurate information about child labour?
For what purpose did Kinsey report scores independently ?
Why did they only check their own phone lines?
Why does Alaska have the easternmost longitude in the United States?
Why was he called "Parthenias" or "maiden"?
Why did the movement spread to around 80 million followers across the British Empire, the United States, and beyond?
For what purpose are the buttons of the North American version colored?
To what end have some software developers adopted it?
To what end did Johnson oversee state practices and enforce constitutional voting rights for African Americans and other minorities?
For what purpose is White - balancing required still ?
For what purpose has man , who at times dreamt of himself as a little lower than the angels submitted ?
Why did Robert Fisk, seven times British Journalist of the Year, resign as a foreign correspondent in 1988?
To what end has a Convention of Citizens convened?
For what purpose be referendums held in Puerto Rico ?
For what purpose is the galvanized core coated with a thin layer of copper?
Why is The use of AC not is feasible ?
What was the purpose of the Tuvalu Borrow Pits Remediation (BPR) project approved in 2014?
Why was the only role assigned to women in the Church that of nuns?
Why did The committee consider an eight - bit code ?
Why was all philosophy was political " in effect ?
To what end has the Holy Spirit covered them?
To what end did the Soviets grant access to the North Sea route to Germany, even though only the Handelsraider Komet used the route before the German invasion), even though only the Handelsraider Komet used the route before the German invasion?
Why does Melbourne's CBD contain five of Australia's six tallest buildings, the tallest of which is the Eureka Tower, located in Southbank compared to other Australian cities?
Why do we strike ?
To what end did the signals sent to the cutting head emphasize in the area of heights?
To what end have they done this?
Why was his 2008 album 808s & Heartbreak commercially successful?
Why have URLs been removed in comments before?
Why can some closely related bacteria have very different morphologies and metabolism?
For what purpose was the sternum tipped?
Why did crossbows, as they were known in late antiquity, increase?
Why must a better sound than normal vinyl have been reported?
To what end did many scholars propose the Indo-Aryan migration theory?
For what purpose is God as he is in himself could not approach evil spirits directly ?
To what end was Main Street Station, designed by Wilson, Harris and Richards, returned to its original purpose?
To what end did the University of Notre Dame establish the Office of Sustainability in 2008?
Why was Sharia unsuitable for the Jamahiriya?
For what purpose do Positive hydrogen ions from HCl and negative hydroxide ions from NaOH combine ?
To what end will pollution be reduced?
Why is vegetation used as an indicator of climate type ?
Why can electrons move around the nucleus only at fixed distances from the nucleus ?
Why can you hear around corners ?
For what purpose have curators of the Outdoor Exploratory in San Francisco set themselves a radius of 3 km?
For what purpose is the water returned to the blood ?
Why did proving Aristotles views to be incorrect point flaws in the church ?
Why does the sand does has get so hot while the water does not ?
What is the purpose of this exhibition?
Why did Death rates rise ?
Why did The fossils form within the rocks ?
For what purpose do two hydrogen molecules react with one oxygen molecule?
Why are Many mollusks ( clams , snails , octopi , and squid ) found as molds and casts ?
Why can scientists is know if a model designed to predict the future is likely to be accurate , how ?
Why do they need help breathing ?
Why has almost every galaxy moved away from Earth?
Why can we see rainbows ?
Why did The direction of the pendulum appear ?
For what purpose does Rod buy a wire knife?
Why are they used in floor wax and similar products ?
For what purpose did The lands move apart later ?
For what purpose did Laurentia and Gondwana collide when ?
For what purpose have They give their few valence electrons ?
Why is Quick burial essential ?
For what purpose do protons of hydrogen atoms combine in the sun as well as in other stars?
For what purpose do this creative music video : MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL watch ?
Why does its not remove from the statue ?
Why is air in the stratosphere stable ?
Why did Early sailors and navigators find the Mercator map useful ?
For what purpose does heat from the burning coal boil the water in the boiler?
Why can the blood not reach the heart when ?
For what purpose must Land be given ?
Why are concussions treated among athletes and in professional sports very seriously ?
For what purpose are Potassium and sodium needed ?
For what purpose do this amazing video : http://video watch ?
For what purpose do Oceanic island arcs collide with continents ?
Why does the moon circle around Earth rather than the sun ?
Why do All the particles in the rings be like little moons ?
Why is for countries to predict how serious water shortages will be each year difficult ?
For what purpose do the cell walls of plants break ?
For what purpose do the cell walls of plants break ?
For what purpose do Fireflies give visible light ?
Why were several measures taken to secure the toxic wastes ?
Why should Venus is be in crescent phase as viewed from the Earth in the Ptolemaic system always ?
Why are Ocean zones divided ?
For what purpose do He hammer a piece of hot iron ?
For what purpose did The technology need ?
Why can problems with the nervous system affect the entire body ?
Why are The poles called north and south ?
For what purpose did anoles that lived on the forest floor evolve long legs ?
For what purpose do the tides add how ?
Why do People die ?
To what end do cars need energy from fossil fuels?
Why does carbon need four more electrons to fill its external energy level?
Why are gamma rays are the most energetic of all electromagnetic waves ?
Why are they called ventricles ?
Why is the air resistance against the parachute greater than the body of the parachutist?
For what purpose did reactants place under great pressure in a lab or factory ?
For what purpose do the animation at this URL watch ?
For what purpose do this video watch http MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below ?
For what purpose did Millions of acres of forest burn ?
Why do farmers use wasteful irrigation methods when water - efficient methods are available ?
Why do restaurants avoid ?
For what purpose are you are dominant ?
For what purpose does The technology need to advance ?
For what purpose do the nuclei of atoms come together in these reactions ?
For what purpose must One of two things happen ?
Why was this measure not supported by the scientific community?
For what purpose does The car jack put 7000 joules of work ?
Why does laundry detergent clean your clothes ?
For what purpose must They go through metamorphosis ?
For what purpose does the brain and eyes work together ?
For what purpose do biceps and triceps muscles work together?
Why is the Earth a magnet?
To what end does laying sand on an icy pavement increase friction?
For what purpose can the ions move freely?
Why is It found in all living organisms ?
Why has climate stability been beneficial to human civilisation?
Why are Metals are especially good thermal conductors ?
For what purpose are Six H needed in the reactants now ?
For what purpose do the forest remove ?
Why do We make maps of the surface using radar ?
Why are reactions of acids and bases called neutralization reactions ?
For what purpose do Imaging satellites take pictures of Earths surface ?
Why did The Greeks give this name the planet ?
Why can You see through a transparent object , such as the revolving glass doors in the figure , clearly ?
Why do Brain and spinal cord injuries occur most commonly ?
Why is solar power being developed in the United States in southeastern California , Nevada , and Arizona ?
Why does London get a lot of rain ?
Why do It taste bitter ?
For what purpose can a doctor prescribe stronger medicine if the pain is severe ?
What is the purpose of homeostasis?
Why has Atmospheric CO2 increased over the past five decades ?
Why are they have more electrons in their outer energy level than elements on the left side or in the middle of the periodic table ?
For what purpose is oxygen used in cellular respiration ?
To what end are they breaking chemicals?
For what purpose do you need to make these muscles contract against a resisting force ?
For what purpose are Almost all the structures in the ear needed ?
For what purpose did Enzymes nt use in the reactions ?
Why ca we nt see black holes ?
For what purpose does QUEST journey back ?
Why has The cool water flows into a return pipe rather than going directly to another radiator ?
For what purpose is the rock crushed ?
For what purpose did He make holes in the balls ?
Why did the continents change their shapes and positions during Earth history ?
To what end do many of these reactions require catalysts?
Why were they named the blocks of time from towns or other local places where the rock layers that represented that time were found ?
Why may Objects such as ships float in a fluid like water ?
For what purpose did Existing rocks erode ?
Why is Venus very bright ?
What is the purpose of the animation "temperature monitoring?
Why will the dominant normal gene mask the recessive colorblind gene ?
For what purpose is natural gas burned like coal and oil ?
For what purpose did Trans fat add to foods ?
For what purpose may a drug user need more of the drug over time ?
Why does A puffy down jacket keep you warm in the winter ?
Why are the rings are almost perpendicular to the planets orbit ?
Why ca You nt see the droplets from a sneeze normally ?
For what purpose is A source of energy needed ?
Why was more than 8000 people lost their lives ?
Why did Marie Curie die ?
Why be it be ?
For what purpose does Earths internal heat not depend on the Sun ?
Why do most other marine organisms visit the photic zone at least ?
Why are The curves called meanders ?
For what purpose does Carson apply forces to his scooter ?
For what purpose does an organism use its hands and arms?
Why be keeping costs down be a problem for fish farmers ?
Why is cleaning polluted groundwater very costly ?
Why did you notice that you lose your sense of taste when your nose is stuffed up ? That s ever ?
For what purpose do an experiment involving a ship and the ocean design ?
Why does rubbing your hands together make them warmer ?
Why can many reactions occur?
Why does Drinking sewage - contaminated water cause waterborne diseases ?
Why is one electron added for each added proton?
For what purpose do you follow it then ?
Why is it expressed in the same unit that is used for work ?
Why do clouds develop regions of positive and negative charge during a rainstorm ?
For what purpose do http://science see ?
Why can convex mirrors gather light from a wide area ?
For what purpose can Fuel be do released ?
Why is Refining possible ?
For what purpose does It lose its one valence electron easily ?
For what purpose is by the burning wood produced enough heat if you start one piece of wood burning without any further help from you ?
For what purpose do Cancer cells take a lot of glucose ?
For what purpose does a sphincter relax after a certain amount of feces have collected ?
For what purpose has Lavoisier been called the father of modern chemistry ?
To what end can this gas be intercepted?
To what end is the chain of carbon atoms connected in a cyclic molecule in a cyclic molecule?
Why do their outlets grow ?
To what end do all chemical reactions, including exothermic reactions, require a certain amount of energy?
For what purpose can Astronomers study light from stars ?
Why be Installing a geothermal system be very costly how- ever ?
For what purpose did the oxygen atoms count ?
For what purpose does the skull surround the brain ?
For what purpose do You depend on many muscles also ?
Why is Getting STIs no big deal ?
Why does a cactus population in the Sonoran Desert show any scattering at all?
Why may a metamorphic rock have a new mineral composition and/or texture ?
Why is 3 brown ?
What was the purpose of putting a heavy apron over your body?
Why are these organisms not doing photosynthesis?
For what purpose do the atoms of each type count on both sides of the arrow ?
Why are SI units are easy to use ?
Why do you think children and fetuses are more susceptible ?
Why do objects have different velocities ?
Why is scientists know no way ?
Why is the SI unit for weight the newton ( N ) ?
Why appear green?
Why are by the same difference in elevation separated two different contour ?
For what purpose are Fluids pumped through a borehole ?
Why does a lunar eclipse last for hours ?
For what purpose do polluting water avoid ?
To what end does carbon combine with oxygen in the air?
Why do These ancient greenstones indicate the presence of subduction zones ?
For what purpose do carbon dioxide and water combine with solar energy during photosynthesis ?
For what purpose do Spacecraft travel great distances ?
Why is Jogging hot work ?
Why didn't you miss it?
For what purpose does The heat of cooking kill any bacteria the foods may contain ?
Why does Warm air rise ?
Why do ice ages occur only when land masses cover the polar regions?
For what purpose must it be removed if a kidney stone blocks a ureter ?
For what purpose did birth rates fall eventually ?
For what purpose must They determine the concentration of the contaminant ?
For what purpose do this video watch ?
For what purpose are large tracts of land cleaned efficiently?
For what purpose does tRNA bring an amino acid to the ribosome ?
For what purpose do topographic maps have a scale like other maps ?
For what purpose do the nuclei of two atoms combine in a nuclear fusion reaction ?
Why has Land heats ?
Why does basketball have mechanical energy?
For what purpose does native cactus need little water?
For what purpose is It frozen in rock ?
For what purpose can Most people survive without consuming water only a few days ?
For what purpose does The recycled compost break down gradually ?
Why does it reflect light from a wide range?
Why does it nt fall toward you instead of toward Earth ?
For what purpose do He need a way to organize the elements ?
Why was the US naval blockade not feasible?
Why was Saurez not playing for four months?
Why was there concerns in 2010?
Why did Spielberg make a movie instead of taking still photos for the photography merit badge?
Why is being a charity beneficial to Eton?
Why was Back to the Future released with analog sound?
Why has their been distance between the Premier League and the Football League?
Why was the reversing loop created?
Why are some people hesitant to use LED lighting?
What happened in June 1859?
Why can outdoor activities take place all year in Miami?
What causes barotrauma?
Why was the rule of precedent allowed?
What caused the loss to Steaua Bucuresti in Seville?
Why was there a low point for English football?
What happens if a population exceeds the carrying capacity of their habitat?
Why did the iron, copper and silver mines fail?
What happened to the Old Summer Palace?
What happened to the sites rules in Dec. 2010?
Why did the French rulers need a large domestic army?
Why are Serbian and Croatian often treated like distinct languages?
Why did Victoria live with her mother at the beginning of her reign?
Why did the state House think they could change Oklahoma's motto?
Why did Encyclopedias and dictionaries become more popular during the Age of Reason?
Why did kings increase the tax rate during this period?
What would happen so some children's hands in schools?
Why is the term post-punk sometimes disputed?
Why do some people believe Whitehead's writings may have restricted his influence?
Why is there difficulty in defining process theology ?
What happens to the parts of the treaty affected by a rejected reservation as they concern the reserving and rejecting parties?
Why was denying supplies important to the western countries?
Why did he believe those concepts were inaccurate?
Why does the Catholic Church oppose the Freemasons so strongly?
What happened after Henry Nelson Wieman gave a lecture about Whitehead?
What caused Schwarzenegger's father Gustav's death?
Why did Hegel believe natural things are less real than spiritual things?
Why were pejorative terms sometimes used for the native populations?
Why did Richard Brodhead believe there were so many Yale alumni presidential candidates?
What happened when Jan Zamoyski died?
Why would more fermentable sugars be added to be beer during the brewing process?
Why did the cubs need to host their home games at an alternative site?
Why was the border between Mexico and the United States established one league south of San Diego Bay's most southern tip?
Why did Bell labs create their new type of capacitor?
Why were peripheral pattern theory and gate control theory left behind?
Why was the use of organochlorine hydrocarbons ended?
Why did the United States form independent states?
What causes the specificity of base pairing?
What happened to the magazines after their run of Digimon?
Why did the stadium need to be redesigned in 1980?
Why do Jehovah Witnesses believe the Bible condemns mixing of religions?
What caused the end of Wang Mang's regime?
Why is there a debate as to dubbing the diamondback terrapin the oldest indigenous land vertebrate?
What would happen to the Nizari Ismaili if the Imam fails to leave a successor?
What caused the nobility to leave Valencia?
Why is Mexico City vulnerable to flooding?
Why was Taylor indicted by a special court ?
Why did the city turn down the chance to host the 2024 Olympic games?
Why did some landlords burn their own buildings?
Why is it said that the Italian style can't hold their own session? 
Why were some political commentaries attempting to attach natural selection to human races?
Why did Madrid cede the territory to the US 
Why do US troops visit Tajikistan every so often?
Why did the city not grow during the Civil War?
Why is cotton grown as an annual crop?
What happened after radioactivity was realized?
Why does relying on these effects create concern?
Why were people offended by this comment?
What can cause a break down of a biodiversity system?
Why do the constraints of constructing a flight deck affect the role of a carrier?
Why is mercury the better option for liquid used in a Hydrostatic gauge?
Why were vegetal green dyes less than ideal?
What happens in the council of Jerusalem?
What happened during those years? 
Why would an author utilize experimental narratives in literature?
What happens to a quarter whose time expires while the ball is still live in play?
What happened after the French and Indian War?
What caused a dramatic shift in Italian sentiment toward the war?
What caused inflation to Iran's economy during the oil price spike in 1973?
What happened in the 20th century?
Why are Dzongkha, Sikkimese, Sherpa, and Ladakhi considered to be separate languages?
Why is a BeiDou-1 ground terminal so expensive?
Why did the ceromony of consecrating a bishop have to be preformed by someone who was already a bishop?
Why did Hitler feel bombing wasn't working?
Why would ingesting untreated cassava be a bad idea?
Why did Jackson want this term to be used?
What happened to Austrian prestige due to the war?
Why does the PlayStation 3 have extensive HD compatibility?
Why was Ohio allowed to use a biblical passage as its motto?
Why would editors only want two alternative branches when analyzing a text?
What caused American forces to deploy in large number in 1965?
Why did Deraismes resign from Freemasonry?
Why did the train catch fire?
Why is this country so influential to the Burma academics ?
What can cause issues with installed computer systems?
Why would France want to invade Hanover?
Why was the term transistor used?
What happens to copper if an electrical current gets too high?
What causes warping in vinyl records?
Why did the term house become popular? 
Why did Washington University delay occupying of the new campus buildings until 1905?
What happened to Napster?
Why were the Tucson Padres temporarily in Tucson?
What caused the delay in the effort?
What can cause that reaction?
Why did Steele say what he did?
What happened to the usage of financial innovation products in the years leading up the financial crisis?
Why did interest in solar water heating decrease in the 1980s?
What happened when Kexi, and the two other generals all retired?
Why did the total investment in renewable energy go down in 2012?
Why does Euornithes mean "true birds?"
Why are many plants green?
Why was Victorias eyesight clouded?
Why were women slaves more popular?
What caused a delay in the production of high quality records?
Why was Neuman rejected from joining US Army?
Why does the ECRI reject theories based on the existence of different races?
Why were civic and political leaders worried about Dowdings?
What happens to blank data fields in a navigational system?
Why were experiments done on luminiferous aether in the 19 Century?
What happened to the sacrifice if the god failed to uphold the agreement?
What caused a need for more regulation?
Why does Van Praag believe the Ming court set up a diplomatic delegation with Tibet?
What caused the deaths of half of Cork's citizens?
Why does geography have an effect of the amount of solar energy available?
Why does Hegel believe we cannot know God?
Why does altitudinal migration occur in some tropical birds?
Why is the measurement of electric current an issue in the estimate of the gyromagnetic ratio?
Why was the internet developed?
Why did Microsoft decrease the required resoultion for tablets?
Why is green the color of the environmental movement?
What happens to grain when it is soaked in water?
What happened to President Bonaparte in 1852?
What happens to the natural carcidan cycle when light-dark patterns are disrupted?
Why was Mayor Bob Filner asked to resign?
What happened to the Alpine orogenic belt that gave it the steep vertical peak?
Why did Shell sell some of its assets in March 2010?
Why was the Kingdom of Asturias divided?
What happens to multiple cup winners? 
What happened at Verdingkinder auctions?
What happens to a treaty that was designed to terminate under certain conditions when those conditions are actually met?
What happened as the population shifted to more level ground below Presidio Hill?
Why are alternative methods of pest control gaining popularity?
Why did Congress hold up the highway bill?
Why were there more immigrants in the US?
Why is Burma experiencing this problem with the gems industry  ?
What caused the decrease in commerce and production in the 14th century?
What caused a marked sownturn in the production of quail eggs following the industry boom?
What causes sugar created by chlorophyll to breakdown?
Why would someone prefer a second edition to a first edition?
Why do sexual organisms have two copies of each chromosome?
Why is AGG different than Rhythmic Gymnastics? 
Why did Henry VIII wish to execute his fifth wife?
Why are salts good  for thermal storage?
Why did natives consider Africans to have a 'Great Medicine'?
Why did medical professionals advise against using an anaesthetic during childbirth?
Why is transnational policing so unaccountable?
WHat happened to the nobilities feudal power?
Why were the canneries ultimately closed by the early 1980s?
What happened to Edward Oxford to after he was found guilty of high treason?
Why did Gamper want Barcelona to acquire a stadium of its own?
What caused Eisenhower to kickstart the US space program?
What happens if a plant looses roots or its shoots?
what happened to the internet in the late 1980s?
What caused the dialect continuum to become fractured?
Why do many hip hop and R&B artists turn to house music?
Why did families send their girls to Diego's monastery? 
Why do cells easily stain with dyes?
What happens in empirical therapy?
Why did Stein win a Pulitzer?
Why did Salvadorans come to America?
Why are Avian hearts larger than mammalian hearts when compared to body mass?
Why is internal digection better than external?
Why is it often not worth bothering to identify an infectious agent?
Why did some argue that "black" was the better term?
Why were many buildings covered with marble?
Why is the National bird of importance?
What happens to a digimon after they evolve?
What caused ancient texts to be rediscovered by Byzantine scholars?
What happened to protesters who tried to interrupt the carrying of the torch?
What happens to zinc when it is manipulated to the temperatures between 100 and 150 Celsius?
Why are the languages of the indigenous peoples of Venezuela in danger of becoming extinct?
Why does the Appalachian Highland have the terrain it does?
Why can Bermudian blacks trace their ancestry back over centuries in Bermuda?
Why is it problematic that the "coloured" population of Bermuda is now referred to as "black" or "African heritage"?
Why was plant taxonomy developed?
Why did sport hunters find the Arabian oryx to be a worthwhile quarry to hunt?
Why is this not determined in a patient with COPD?
Why did Shell file lawsuits?
What causes osmotic diarrhea?
Why is spirometry so commonly used to diagnose asthma?
What caused the British East India Company to lose control of India?
Why does the mRNA match the sequence of the gene's DNA coding strand?
Why was Nintendo accused of antitrust behavior?
Why would God being substantially affected by the world be beneficial?
Why are groups hesitant to work with government officials ?
Why were laws limiting people of color passed?
Why do people eat Gaejang-guk in the summer months?
What happens to digesta when it moves to the small intestine?
Why would one use hydrogen mixed with nitrogen?
Why were problems created when transferring files between systems?
What caused an increasingly literate population to develop in the Enlightenment era?
Why did the plane have to land twice before reaching Bermuda?
Why is attachment to things futile?
Why are plants important to human life?
What caused a major increase in social inequality?
Why is it possible to distinguish UTF-8 from other protocols?
What happened with people with Shigella were treated with anti-diarrheal medication?
Why was collapsing the two values into one score a problem?
Why were multiple holidays seized by the Catholic population?
Why was insulin therapy delayed?
Why did the Roman senators wish to have Caesar assassinated?
Why was this constitutional convention held?
Why did Steele think people were not attacking Barrack Obama?
What happened in 1900?
Why do humans most commonly hunt wildlife?
Why were women composers deemed not notable?
Why were the lands in the region the Sumerian people settled fertile?
Why would zinc possibly be derived from the German word zinke?
Why do some other scholars argue that it happened on a Wednesday?
What happened to Frederick's army at the Battle at Kunersdorf?
Why did youtube want to ensure only contractees music was played?
Why was Shtokavian suggested as a common language base?
What happened to the Huns after Attila's death?
Why is calculating the days of the Gregorian calendar not simple?
Why is physical contact with a VHS tape less desirable than an optical reading?
Why did Jesus sacrifice himself?
Why were the people in Saint Peter's Square chanting and yelling?
Why was there tension the day after the election?
Why was this plant chosen for sequencing?
Why is this a bad practice?
Why did American Baptist congregations split?
Why is renewable energy an attractive option?
What happens if a royalty is paid to the copyright owner or representative?
Why did the Old Guard say Eisenhower should void the Yalta Agreements?
Why was the Royal College of Chemistry founded?
Why is table sugar produced?
What happened in Philadelphia in 1856?
Why did samurai avoid divorcing for reasons of dislike?
Why were the first buildings narrow?
What caused the energy efficiency to go up?
Why do birds migrate?
Why was Athanasius instructed to stop pretend baptising?
Why is competition so fierce between related species?
Why were carrier-launched aircraft more effective than naval guns?
Why was dBASE successful?
What caused Victoria to become the Queen of the United Kingdom?
Why can temperatures differ so much between the city of Cork and the weather station maintained at the airport? 
Why is racism so bad in the non white LGBT community?
Why is STOVL used by other navies?
Why did the Manchurian Campaign fight the Russians. 
What causes the assumption of constant capacitance to fail even if the effect is linear in nature?
Why was the US military so small initially?
Why were KPA forces unable to adequately defend themselves against UN forces?
What caused the Russians based in Memel to be successful deeper into Prussia?
What caused the most production disruption?
Why would a black-looking Arab consider himself white?
What happened to John Francis after his second attempt to fire on the Queen?
Why did the US president say the Incursion of Florida was neccessary
Why did Roncalli leave Venice?
Why did peasants from Zhangzhou travel north to Xiamen?
Why can one find thousands of anthropological references to the topics?
Why was the code patterned so that most codes were together?
What happened to Feyman's younger brother?
What happened to Britain during the 17th century?
What happens after the 5 year embargo that allows Ancestry.com exclusive use of digitized records?
Why did English Freemasonry almost come to a halt in 1799?
Why are adult standards format radio stations declining?
Why did Raskin leave the Apple team in 1981?
Why did Cannon believe that physiological responses were insufficient cause for emotions?
What happens when sunlight shines on a solar balloon?
What happened n the battle of Plassey?
What happened to those Jews who remained?
What happened when Victoria's Uncle George IV died?
Why were many children employed?
Why was that type of cross important?
What happened to diplomatic envoys the Mongols sent to Japan?
Why was he indentured for life?
Why did the Czechoslavs consider Czech and Slovak to be a single language?
Why are these companies rewarded?
What would happen in the event of a yes vote in this referendum?
Why was Jones disqualified?
Why did Blacks move to Detroit in the middle if the 20th century?
Why did CBC move The National in some areas?
Why did archaeologists count Iran as "The Near East"?
Why do scholars say the times are different depending on the gospel it's written in?
Why is there a lessening of material possessions in hunting and gathering groups?
What caused Myanmar to receive a rating of 6?
What happens when companies outsource?
What happened to the French Mediterranean fleet?
What happened in July 2014?
What causes a person to become separated from their "true self"?
Why did Darwin feel plants had something comparable to a brain?
Why has the water supply shrunk in previous years?
Why did Gaddafi drop out of college?
Why was a surrogate character mechanism implemented?
What happened to British Isles area when the ice melted after the last ice age?
What happened in Federalist No. 28
Why did China purchase the STOBAR carrier Liaoning in 1998?
What happened to the nationalists and Marxists that had helped the Islamic ruling government to depose the Shah?
Why were game animals introduced by acclimatisation societies?
Why did the Sumerian farmers make their oxen stomp the ground?
Why did Denmark-Norway remain neutral rather than assisting its longtime ally, Britain?
What happened to the dikes the Aztecs built?
Why are  the fruit fly and the nematode the most intensively studied metazoan model organisms?
Why did President Levin believe there were so many Yale alumni presidential candidates?
What would happen if peasants couldn't repay their debts?
What caused the bankruptcy of many farmers during this era?
Why did Governor Keith Miller propose the Alaska Permanent Fund before the Prudhoe Bay sale?
Why are LED lights sought after for various applications?
Why did John Locke believe that one person cannot enslave another?
Why was Plymouth targeted the most?
Why did the Romans send an army to Africa?
Why would botanists study weeds?
What happened that allowed the United States to have Guam?
What happens when both the federal and state governments have regulations that overlap?
Why was dBASE unique?
Why were the researchers recognized in 1975?
Why does Catalan share many traits with other Romance languages?
Why did the English originally colonize Bermuda?
What happened to Russia's subdivision of government? 
Why did the committee debate adding a shift function?
What happened to loyal Roman Catholicism priests?
Why did the cab operators not like the tracks?
Why did the need for Bermuda's salt diminish?
Why do the birds fly north?
Why did the Chinese PLA Navy need 4-5 years for Liaoning to reach full capacity?
Why was the transition to a new union difficult 
Why was there a large population of Algonquian people in Bermuda?
Why did Whitehead think people continued to subscribe to materialistic thinking?
Why did Houston's economy have problems in the late 1980's?
Why did propsals about making the European sovereign debt assets more like the US Treasury?
Why was United Stated excluded from League of Nations Council?
Why did Blair side with Bush?
Why was SASO created?
What caused valuable information to be lost while using the KInsey scale?
Why did The Durable Orbital Station-2 not reach orbit?
What happens if an NPO does not abide by the tax laws?
Why did Gaddafi's family have to leave Sabha?
Why were DJs inspired to create their own house records?
Why would families perfer labour done at the home as opposed to the factory?
Why did San Diego schools close during the Cedar Fire?
What happened to Powers in the Soviet Union?
What happens if the photoelectron's frequency is too low?
Why were a series of fortifications in the Maurienne valley built?
Why did the third siege attempt fail?
Why did Gladstone resign?
Why was the commercialization of classical music harmful to the music industry according the Shawn Vancour? 
Why do hydraulic elevators use more energy?
Why did humans feel that addtional breeding tatics were necessary in poulty? 
Why was the Port Phillip Channel Deppening Project subject to controversy and strict regulations?
Why did the banner say that was unveiled during the temporary halt?
What happened to the Curonians who lived in the area in East Prussia?
Why was Beshuzev happy to put the troops on the Livonian-Lithunian border?
Why is Yiddish not a dialect of German?
Why were italian bonds purchased by the ECB?
Why is Israel referred to as the 51st state?
Why is the island safe from full hurricane devastation?
Why was it natural to have Ford Motor Company based in Cork?
Why are the presence of certain enymzes a tell tale sign of a virus?
Why was Gödels finding ironic?
Why were French troops in Bern?
Why did Greg Dyke of London Weekend Television meet with representatives of the biggest five English football clubs in 1990?
What happened to the right to mint coinage?
Why is the Gospel of John said at the end of Catholic Mass?
Why did the British and Americans want to cede most of Eritrea to the Ethiopians?
Why was John motivated?
Why did many software developers choose not to redesign the Mac operating system and rewrite the programming code?
Why is there a giant letter A on a Tucson mountain?
Why did Dorgon keep Beijing as his capital?
what happens to the reflected wave which allows the antenna to reach its asympotic feedpoint impedance?
Why do utility operators often reject renewable resources?
Why did Frederick III use a tax and a marriage in Upper Alsace?
Why did McKerrow alter his previous method of criticism?
Why are the Jehovah's Witnesses reluctant to alert authorities to abuse?
Why was The Yale Report established?
What can cause excessive leakage in a capacitor?
Why was minority leader position created?
Why did the US use the CIA instead of the Air Force to run drones?
Why did this author embrace young adult literature as a grownup?
Why was France mad at the British-Prussian agreement?
Why was Turkey accused of violating the Geneva Conventions?
Why did the attack by the Rus go so well on the coast at the start?
Why was Frederick's defeat of Daun so costly?
What happened to the Western Alps during the Cenozoic Era
What caused a problem within the Korean Communist Party?
What caused the development of the Jura Mountains? 
What happened to the Saxon army?
What happens to the wages of adults?
What happened to some expressions in Pushkin's writing?
What caused the size of Washington, D.C. to change?
Why is Captain Fritz Joubert Duquesne famous?
Why does Sowell believe that there is little to no incentive for the preferred minority groups to perform at their best?
Why did Gaddafi select these men as RCC members?
Why were different East Asian races divided in 1890 Census?
What happened after Kanye made his controversial statement?
Why did the Japanses begin to breed quails in teh 20th century?
Why was philosophy taught in Ottoman madaris?
What happens whenever a USB host is restarted?
Why did Chrysler discontinue use of the Hifi 16 2/3 rpm record?
Why did Albania fall out with Thessaly, Macedonia and Epirus?
Why did God want to act through Afonso?
What happened at Minden in 1757?
Why was "An Act for Liberty to Erect a Collegiate School" proposed?
Why were sales of the Power Mac G4 Cube slow?
Why has Cyprus been sought out by offshore businesses?
What caused child labour to decrease in Vietnam?
Why was the PVA unable to advance beyond Seoul?
Why were republicans upset with Mann?
Why were travelers often robbed under Fujiwara rule?
Why did the King of England have issues with parliment in the 17th century?
Why was the senate considered to be supreme during this time?
Why does the amount of usable solar energy differ from the amount near the planets surface?
Why do infants and young childrens memories need to be assesed differently?
What caused reform efforts to cease in 1997?
What happened to many of the larger suburban mansions from the boom era?
Why did some critics say that Chopin was too delicate?
Why did Maclean shoot at Victoria?
What caused lower classification status for African Americans?
What happens if the wrestler doesn't break a hold?
Why did Teletype have the code for "rubout"?
Why did Sell consider the questions regarding sexual attraction the most important?
What happens with President's Rule?
Why do some scholars propose a Thursday is possible?
What caused a large migration of Greek refuges in the 1450s?
Why were television ratings down across the board during American Idols seventh season? 
What happens if the mode is activated on the fire-recall floor?
Why is marketing harder for NPOs?
What happened to Wu's army?
What happened with the Devensian glaciation ended?
What happens to mandolin notes when plucked? 
Why were sled-dogs used to deliver medicine to Nome in 1925?
Why were loose tolerances allowed for compliant USB connectors?
Why does water increase lamp darkening?
Why was COBOL created?
Why did Sherman believe the establishment clause was unnecessary? 
Why was Prince Hall Freemasonry formed?
Why did Venezuelans come to America?
What happens if a vinyl comes with a bit of warp?
What happened to financial assets that made them harder to value?
Why was Britain mainly interested in solid fuel rockets?
Why did construction of Eton Mission cease in 1971?
Why were naval skirmishes not really seen in the Korean War?
What happened to Georgian politics as a result of the attack?
Why are dogs viewed as unclean in Islam?
Why did many of the contestants draw the attention of the media?
Why did blacks fear to identify as African?
Why were port cities targeted by the Luftwaffe?
Why were his children free?
Why are children from suburban communities more likely to participate in activies that benefit their identity?
What happens when a plant remains totipotent?
What is the effect of a thicker filament on bulb temperature?
Why were so many blacks repeatedly being imported from Africa?
Why was U Wisara involved in a resistance movement of such extremes ?
Why was Albert the heir presumptive to the throne?
Why was Kerry's brother messing with phone lines?
What causes a quarter to be extended one additional play even if time has run out?
Why did Philip move south?
What happens outside the 1/1000 second to 1/second exposure range?
Why did the mistranslation of szlachta come about?
Why was Brooke being investigated?
Why do persistent infections occur?
Why did the Bishops condemn Athanasius?
Why are there multiple variations of texts before the advent of the printing press?
Why was tin was rarely used for everyday use?
Why is Nanjing so strong in textiles and minting?
Why do marginal crevasses form on the edge of a glacier?
What happens if a Pope is elected who is not a bishop?
What can cause paraplegia?
What caused General Ridgway to initiate Operation Roundup?
Why did this occur?
Why were laws like the one drop rule enacted?
Why did Western powers stop selling resources to Japan?
Why did the construction of the Fine Arts Palace take so long?
What caused the HMS Prince to sink?
Why has Unicode been criticized for not separately encoding forms of kanji?
Why are uppercase letters preferred often times when space is restricted?
Why was the Somerset county Canal built 
Why did airport construction boom during the 1960s?
What caused BPN and BPP to accumulate losses?
Why do many Somalis live in South Asia and Europe?
What happens to the power that is not absorbed by the antenna?
Why did Hartshorne feel that God must be affected by people?
What caused towing crews and rescue service to lose control while the Kulluk rig was in transport to Washington?
Why did members of the clergy oppose the use of chloroform? 
Why is the meat of geese considered fatty ?
What happened to the assets of the British East India Company after it was removed from power?
Why did agriculture become so significant for Armenia's economy?
What can cause a large change in current in LEDs?
Why is this exemption provision often considered a nonfactor?
What caused the loss of biodiversity?
Why did Caray often playfully quarrel with Stone?
Why was the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company created?
What can cause your memory to deterioriate or not work as well?
What caused Hayek to turn away from Wiser's ideology?
What caused the temporary NBA team to relocate to Oklahoma?
Why did the US not send in ground troops after the United Nations approved the use of force?
Why is the initial stage of Ebola not very contagious?
Why did many post-punk artists produce and release their own music?
Why is depicting God forbidden in the Islamic world?
What is the effect of there no longer being a stigma on interracial marriage?
What causes the southern fringe to receive cloudiness and   rainfall?
Why is Beyoncé known as the centerpiece of Destiny's Child?
What happens when scientists try to apply science to sort out social differences?
What caused these one-time agriculturalists to become foragers??
Why was this new rule put into effect?
Why did the Mongol princes ask for titles?
What happened to Mary's body at death?
Why did most scientists accept the validity of evolution by the 1870s, but considered natural selection a minor part of it?
Why did Chopin want his body opened when he died?
Why does living in poverty raise your risk of diarrhea?
Why did western power believe that the soviet government wouldn’t partake in another world war?
What happens to a person whose autobiographic memory is damaged?
Why was the second decline in popularity not a strong as the first?
Why were the controllers hard-wired to the console with no connectors?
Why did different sects come about within Shiism?
What happens behind the scenes of a match?
Why do mountains between 19N and 19S tend to have snow?
What happened after Sulla returned to the conflict with Mithridates?
Why would Guam becoming a commonwealth be so important?
Why did military use barracks?
What causes the meat of some poultry to show rainbow like colr striations?
Why did country borders not affect differences in style within Gothic architecture?
Why did the X Corps leave Hungnam?
Why are the waxwing Bombycilla not migrating for?
Why does inert gas reduce efficiency?
Why was their use limited?
Why was the English order of the Dominicans so successful in England?
What causes glaciers to release meltwater?
Why did the first elected head of government of Mexico City resign?
What causes an alloy to form a solid solution?
What caused the start of the Korean War?
Why were films banned by Victorian politicans in 1912?
Why are Low German varieties regarded as dialects of standard German?
Why did the Normans adopt a Byzantine art style?
Why did Gladstone resign in 1885? 
Why did Britain not want Elizabeth to associate with conscientious objectors?
What causes fermentation during the brewing process when making a beer?
Why are some Bermudians against the emphasis of West Indies cultural connections?
Why do monarchs sometimes wear red?
Why did it make sense to spend time fixing cloth?
Why were many killed in Underground Stations?
Why is it held at Webly Stadium? 
Why is finding the first exemplar important in textual criticism?
Why are average trip distances so lengthy in San Diego?
Why was a solar eclipse impossible?
Why is it hard to find the origin of the word Tajik?
Why did American Idol choose not to have its Idol Gives Back special in 2009?
Why does the collector voltage drop in grounded-emitter transistor circuits?
Why is the port so important?
Why did the Somers Isles Company decide to surpress shipbuilding?
What happens to a molecule if an oscillation results in a dipole being changed?
Why was Gaddafi made fun of in elementary school?
Why did Feynman go through a depression?
Why did the Chinese ultimately fail in its counter offensives?
Why is there an East End/West End rivalry?
What happens to temporary records at the WNRC if they are not retrieved by the end of the retention times?
What happens as the scope of economically viable applications increases?
What happened on January 1st 1901?
Why is sequencing done on plants?
Why are roofs a good place for solar panels?
Why are the bars not made of wood anymore?
What can cause osmotic diarrhea in healthy people?
Why were AC motors used?
Why did Paula Abdul appear on the season nine finale of American Idol?
Why did the Radicals and Tories oppose the bill about the constitution of Jamaica?
Why is southern Nigeria losing its forests?
What causes the directionality of DNA strands?
What happened to the 50,000 children in the UNICEF study?
Why did the art of the Ottoman empire develop the way it did?
What caused the death of Julius Caesar's female offspring?
What caused the 2008 floods?
What happened at the aviation school in May 1913?
What happened in the early 21 st century 
Why is Brasilia a good place for air sports?
Why does the Geul River contain heavy metals in a significant amount?
Why are assistants used?
Why were decoy towns used in WW2
What happened on 22 January 2015?
Why is some energy in the electroluminescence process emitted as heat and light?
What happened to Bishop leaders who did not agree with the doctrine?
What causes increased pollution and levels of bacteria such as E. coli to rise in the Yarra River and its tributaries?
What happened to the number of free colored people for the first few decades after the war?
What happens to a multilateral treaty's rights and obligations among the other parties when just one party withdraws?
What can cause problems with these scales that are used?
Why was this classification made?
Why did publisher change the cover picture on Feynman's book?
What caused urbanization to increase in China?
Why is xenon gas not more widely used?
What caused the change of the Institute's name?
What happens when a childs food is restricted?
Why was the Nanjing Olympic Sports Center built?
Why did the Yongle Emperor send Hou Xian and Zhi Guang to Tibet?
Why are different countries effected differently?
Why do birds need to perceive ultraviolet light?
Why was the first settlement named Paleapolis?
What happened to Sky's agreement in 2006.
What happened in the Feb 2010 election?
Why do fungi communicate?
Why did many Armenians leave Armenia?
What happens to these new plants if they are able to reproduce?
What happened to the Länder as they lost importance during the Nazi regime?
Why does zinc protect metals exposed to sea water from corroding?
What caused the constant linear velocity?
Why does a transistor increase a signal?
Why did Dominic travel to Denmark in 1203?
Why were these neighborhoods created?
Why were foxes originally hunted?
Why were stepper motors abandoned in computer drive designs?
Why was this a unique decision?
What would happen if some didn't comply with the Nazi's with their demands?
What happens if the concepts are measured on the same scale?
Why is  there still Bilingual  spoken in these states?
Why is Isaac Hunter's Tavern popular?
Why do research findings believe the Internet has a negative effect on teen physical health?
What happens during a countout?
Why was this verb used?
Why did Armenia make Christianity its official religion?
Why did the Nicaraguans come to America?
Why did China need to resettle people into Chongqing?
Why are there not more arrests from undercover investigations of interstate wildlife commerce?
Why did Schumann say the Poles were in mourning?
What happens when there is a presence of fat in the small intestine?
Why was the referendum in 2008 ?
What happened to the population by the year 1880?
Why did Reprise only release one 78 rpm vinyl?
What caused Arsenal's loss to Galatasarey in the 1999-2000 season?
Why was marshal law declared in Burma in 1989?
What would happen during the commencement of a dictator's term?
What happened to ports on Cyprus after capture of its northern territory by Turkish troops?
Why were dogs initially selected?
Why do muslim anti-masonics believe that the Freemasons want to destroy the Al-Aqsa Mosque?
Why did Jordan and Lebanon seek outside aid?
Why was the 360 considered a market success for Microsoft?
Why was that? 
What happens with the pinch off part of the outer membrane?
What happens during refining?
Why did Kim Il-Sung redeploy his military troops?
Why does the Main Street Station only receive rail traffic from Newport News and Williamsburg?
What happens if two Grand Lodges try to establish themselves in the same area?
What happens with inflammatory diarrhea?
What happened to the decree after a year?
Why did Palermo substancially grow in size?
What can cause a person to have fake memories?
What happened to the Sands Atlantic City a year after it closed?
Why did Alsace decline has a prospering territory?
What happened to the scope of France's colonies as a result of the war?
What happened in India during the Neolithic period?
What is the effect of pesticide drift?
What happened to Mutaguchi's troops?
Why was Christ in majesty protected from the iconoclastic destruction?
Why did John hesitate to attack Louis?
What happens if the national supervisory authority designated by a Member State is not a national central bank?
Why did the 2 districts have to be redrawn in 2014 
Why did the  Chief Commissioners Province of HP come into being?
Why did defence infrastructure become the major source of Bermuda's economy?
What caused distrust between the German and Soviet governments?
Why is zinc oxide useful in photocopying products?
Why is there opposition to textual criticism of Jewish and Muslim religious books?
Why was the Unicode 2.0 codespace increased? 
Why did so many Irish immigrants come to Philadelphia?
Why did Peel resign his comission?
What happens to the current when an inductive circuit is opened?
Why do humans hunt?
What happens with an illegal pinning move when it is seen by a referee? 
Why are the codes and responsa different in regards to details?
Why did Coe donate to American studies programs?
What happened to the people that sentenced Priscillian to death?
Why were outbreaks of measles and smallpox able to so easily decimate the Taínos' population?
Why was adding a step i production useful for larger projects?
Why are divers attracted to Bermuda?
What happens when an aspirated consonant is doubled or geminated?
Why do consumers often ignore renewable power systems?
Why was the Alaska Permament Fund established?
Why did Hitler use terror bombing against Britain? 
Why did Yongle order the construction?
What caused Quaker and Methodist preachers to want to free slaves?
Why was there critcism of the elite clubs?
What happens when a regulatory region binds to transcription factors?
Why does the United Nations question the Human rights status of Cyprus?
What happened to the notabilities political position?
What happened to the Grand Secretariat?
Why was the electoral college introduced?
What would happen if some of the banks were to begin buying govenrment bonds?
What happened to the reward the BBC received?
Why did Mustafa A.G. Abushagur not become prime minister?
What happened when Nicholas II was removed from power?
What happened in 2007-2008 that had a drop in viewers for all networks?
What happens when a frame contains areas where nothing has moved?
Why do broad winged birds avoid geographical barriers?
What happened to the rest of the animal?
What caused Notre Dame to become notable in the early 20th century?
Why did the Russian army face such little resistance when moving through Prussia?
Why did some music lovers frown upon diaphragming? 
Why did Sichuan see some communist activity?
What happens with these soft feacal pellets?
What happened when Gautama left the palace grounds?
Why is Lancashire smaller than its historical extent?
Why did executives say they were considering selling the Taj?
What happened to Tom at one of the 1567 that changed his title ?
Why did General MacArthur suggest an amphibious landing at Inchon?
What happens to the right channel in a player that doesn't recognize AC-3?
Why did the functions of police grow beyond law enforcement to urban planning?
Why are tagging rules made?
Why was the Chongqing Municipality formed?
Why is only the broadest use of genre possible when trying to categorize what actually defines post-punk?
What happens in the stomach after the food is chewed and mixed with starches?
Why did a few scholars think Burke hadn't intended his book as a satire yet later claimed it was a satire?
Why was green facial makeup worn by ancient Egyptians?
What caused Steve Jobs to resign from Apple in 1985?
Why did the regals recruit low-ranking local tribes when hunting?
Why is the Sumerian language usually thought of as a language isolate in linguistics?
What happened to Kanye's debut album that caused him to remaster most of it?
Why was there doubt about the Latin word?
Why is there a debate about moving the capital of Alaska to another town?
Why is it possible that the name zinc could be derived from the German zinn?
What happens to information during the encoding process?
Why was the first route not taken?
Why did post-punk fall out of love with punk?
Why were the Chamorros brought to Guam?
Why did the CEO of Google think the new software was necessary? 
Why is the US so important to Bermuda?
Why was Media Transfer Protocol designed?
Why is new rock not suitable for mainstream radio?
Why was a subject ordered to appear to Pop-Tanning in old trousers?
Why is lime often added to glass?
Why are the Non-OTG compliant devices not allowed to use the micro-AB receptacle?
Why was the winter driven out?
What happened to Louis Philippe after the revolution in France? 
What happened to French power in the area?
Why were mosaics destroyed in the iconoclastic era?
What happens in many cases when a word starts with an 's'?
What happens if the soverign doesn't sign the bill within the six-month time frame?
What happens in a fatal four-way?
What happens to members who disagree with the religion's teachings?
Why were early multi-platform games considered superior on the 360?
Why are annelids' segments like water-balloons?
Why is a transistor so useful?
Why does the government prevent more than 63% of a party to control the legislature? 
What happened with education  during the Early Middle Ages?
What happened in Rakhine in the summer of 2012 that had severe implications on the running of the location?
Why did rulers and governments in Europe form universities?
Why do birds migrate south in winter?
Why was the case of Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow overturned?
Why do organisms inherit the characteristics of their parents?
What happens to Tom when he attempts to escape prison?
Why did the French want a French bank president?
Why does Congress give generalized powers to federal agencies?
Why did living standards decline in 1980s Libya?
What happened to the kingdom of Hanover in 1866?
Why is a "this car leaving next" sign used?
Why did the people of the Netherlands rise up against Philip II?
Why are some parts of the body covered?
What happened to the usurping bishop, George?
Why did Senator Boxer say she voted the way she did?
Why was the new iMac G4 considerably more expensive than the G3?
Why did Robert Osborne stop presenting films on TCM for several months?
Why was Iran included in the collection of regions? 
Why is the use of rifles often banned?
Why did Laemmle change his position on "unclean pictures"?
Why did New York State ban unmarked cars for traffic cops?
Why was this film relevant enough to be the first ?
Why is the F-5 mandolin more expensive?
What caused the number of Turkish soldiers to decrease?
Why was the first quantized model of the atom introduced?
What happens if the pitch is not up to par? 
Why is hydrogen employed?
Why are antibiotics checked before use?
Why did he receive criticism for I Walk the Line
What happens when the site attachment is made?
Why are Eiji Yoshikawa's books popular?
Why were some multiracial children sent to Europe?
Why do RLV discs have a blue or purple reflective color?
Why did San Diego lose its pueblo status in 1838?
Why did the FBI stop doing bullet lead analysis?
Why did On the Origin of Species likely raise so much interest and debate?
Why were the gates foundation educational reforms critcized
What caused the Romans to conform several educational concepts to their own system?
What happened to the shawn and the wooden cornet during the Baroque period?
What happened to The reformers in the Qing dynasty? 
Why do motors have little space for insulation?
Why did the King dislike Victoria taking the trips?
Why did the definition of film speeds change considerably?
Why do Jehovah Witnesses reject inherent immortality of the soul, hellfire and Trinitarianism?
Why do the women drink through a straw? 
Why does South London have such a high number of railways?
Why does Russia have a miltary base In Gyumri?
What happened in 1976 that impacted this primate's classification as Endanger?
What caused Boganda to leave his elected post?
Why do cells of Myxobacteria migrate towards each other?
WHy did they decide not to fund abortion
What happened after the injunction was successful?
Why did Victoria visit Ireland in 1861?
What happened in Portugal that contributed to Guinea-Bissau's independence?
Why were the prince electors able to proclaim themselves King of Prussia?
Why would hybrids have characteristics that keep them from being fertile?
Why is Chan suing the Hong Kong government?
Why did Dominic sell his books?
What happened to the men and women chosen to represent the Lord of Misrule?
What happened around the time that Nanjing was designated as the capital?
Why did the Spanish colonies lag behind in adopting the calendar?
Why do food chains start with plants?
What is the effect of a kaolin coating on the light cast?
What happens whe not as many repo notes are coming due?
What happens during a pin attempt?
What happened to Satan when Jesus started his rule?
Why did Sichuan lose its status as the most populous Province in 1997?
What happens when an unconstitutional statute remains on the books?
Why is fluid in a manual pump pushed into the pumps cavity when a small sealed cavity is expanded?
Why did millions of youth migrate to the urban areas of Iran in the mid 1970s?
What happens when a wrestler has a fall against them?
Why are some foreign characters rarely used? 
Why did the Popes of the middle ages wear red?
What happens when an elevator goes into Phase one mode?
Why did Telnet define an ASCII as a Network Virtual Terminal?
Why do mountain and moorland breeders move only altitudinally?
Why did nuclear arms negotiations with Russia fail prior to 1955?
What happened to Libya's laws as a result of the first point of Gaddafi's speech?
Why did Gaddafi's family leave Sabha?
Why was Spielberg's Cecil B. DeMille Award postponed from 2008?
Why was the handle considered a "dead man switch"?
What caused the automatic paper tape reader to start again?
Why did the US impose an arms embargo on Turkey?
What caused the downfall of the downfall of the the original kingdom in Myanmar?
Why was the OKL forced to improvise?
Why did Ferdinand feel comfortable withdrawing troops from the eastern front?
What happened to the Summer Palace?
What caused many intellectual Catholics to leave europe in the 1930s?
Why was Professor David Graeber retired during the strike?
Why did Poland deny the proposal of the Soviet Union protecting them from a German Attack?
Why are alloys used to make stamping dies rather than metal?
Why does BYU's Winter semester end earlier than most colleges?
Why does Spielberg think aliens would visit?
Why was the case of BPN more serious?
Why was Dinuzulu kaCetshwayo imprisoned on the island?
What caused the evolution of different growth strategies in bacteria?
Why does DNA replication and transcription occur in the 5'→3' direction?
Why did India and Sweden never determine how much the US would compensate China?
What caused the Winter Storm of 2000?
What happened to the British possesions after the Rebellion of 1857? 
What causes genes to evolve?
What causes clicks and pops on vinyl records?
Why did the psychiatric clinics close?
Why did Darwin avoid the topic of the origins of humans in most of his book?
What caused mortgage lenders to relax underwriting standards and approve riskier mortgages?
Why was the spelling of McIntosh changed to Macintosh?
What happened to Harsha's empire after his death?
Why did Morris Jr make the computer worm?
Why are luminescent light sources not ideal for photography?
Why was it easy for people to believe that cotton grew on sheep that grew in plants?
What happens after a bill is delivered to the OFR?
Why did the economy begin to expand?
What happens during "laser lock"?
Why were former Sun staff members put in police custody in early 2012?
What happened to Dell's revenue and share price in the post-PC market?
What happens to a majority of ingested uranium?
Why is stare decisis a limited form of lawmaking?
Why was Rome involved in matters in the Greek east?
Why do communications professionals typically specialize in only one or two areas of communication?
Why was Jens Galschiøt made to leave Hong Kong?
What happens to the conductivity of the electrolyte at low temperatures?
What happened to Swazi exports of textiles from 2000 to 2005?
Why is it important to have a high Fair Play ranking?
What happened to Prague and Hungary's attempts at independence?
What can cause health effects such headache frequency?
Why did Kari Marx criticize Humanist Philosophy's? 
Why did Zeus strike down Asclepius with a lightning bolt?
Why is it sometimes hard to think of God as benevolent?
Why did Darwin introduce a new chapter in On the Origin of Species in the sixth edition?
Why did Microsoft change the tablet resolution minimum? 
Why do most fish, reptiles, amphibians, and birds appear green?
Why were the displays of the ten Commandments allowed?
Why did Ashikaga let his wife take over?
What can cause the doubling of chromosome pairs?
Why is DC motor being used more than AC type?
What happened to Eannatum's empire after his death?
What happened to the Bishops who did not take the oath?
What caused the wide sex ratio gap in Thuringia?
Why did Pierce give the Start Screen such glowing reviews?
Why did Japan attack America?
Why was the stele abandoned?
Why is Lisbon a popular stopover for many foreign airlines?
What causes the Southeast Asian regions to experience wet & dry seasons?
Why was this work considered to be important?
Why did the Germans distrust the soviet agenda?
Why does the CAV format prevent crosstalk?
Why is zinc oxide used in nuclear reactors?
Why do police use radios?
Why were the designs for different USB connectors made?
What caused disagreement about Yale's new position?
Why was Howard Dean proud of his graduating class?
Why was it unlikely that Eisenhower would run for president in 1956?
Why were women eventually allowed to serve at sea in the CAF?
What caused the North Koreans to move their capital for the second time?
Why is it difficult to measure corruption?
Why has there been a several court cases against Sky and Premier League?
Why were the non nobles and nobles referred as the same term?
Why was a more general "religion" used in the language of the First Amendment?
Why do some Muslims oppose allowing women to reveal more of themselves?
What can cause mutation in bacteria?
Why is hunting still vital in marginal climates?
Why does an ISP need to pay an upstream ISP?
Why did Hume say we expect the sun to rise?
Why is using racial categorization for profiling often criticized? 
What happened that decimated a large portion of Ireland?
Why did the gods create human beings from clay?
What happened in early and middle Qing history?
What happens if a Cardinal is named in pectore, and the pope dies?
Why does the FBI operate LEGAT offices?
Why does infrared not cause trouble for devices in adjacent rooms?
Why did the committee decide on 7bit instead?
Why do so many multinationals have their Latin American headquarters in Miami?
Why were the English clubs banned from European competition in the 1980's?
What happens between 275 and 650
What happened when Constans died?
Why did Feynman give up alcohol?
Why is Iranian cuisine so diverse besides being influenced by other cultures?
Why were bacteria and archaea dominant forms of life?
What caused the Qing armies to lose many battles?
Why was Crystal Bowersox in the hospital during the week of the top 20 on American Idol?
Why did EIC want tthe letters of marque most?
Why is Egypt considered a cradle of civilisation?
What caused a spike in difficulties between settlers and indigenous peoples on the western plains after the Civil War?
What happens to children with congenital insensitivity to pain?
What happened to airfields?
Why did the committee consider a 8 bit code?
Why were the schools inspected?
Why do New Haven city officials dislike Yale?
Why are the plates and dielectrics often staggered in larger value capacitors?
Why are these records known as '78s'?
Why did the Atlantic City Redevelopment Authority partner with Steve Wynn?
Why does this difficulty occur?
Why did the Romans decide to withdraw their forces from Greece?
What happens in the rare case the government doesn't approve of a law that has passed both houses?
What happened after the economy dropped off around 2008?
Why did the anti-miscegenation not insure that there was no interracial mixing?
Why did James T. Costa think that On the Origin of Species was more likely to draw interest than a larger book that Darwin had been working on?
What happened to the Slavic people of the Baltic?
Why are 99% of pesticide related deaths in underdeveloped countries?
What happens to those that do not follow to the rule of law?
Why did Stalin send two air forces divisions and other assistance to the Chinese?
Why were the clean slate decrees useful to the rulers of Sumer?
What happened to Joseph I in 1758?
What causes DNA to be less available for RNA polymerase?
Why do smaller schools want to play against major FBS teams?
Why are villages considering becoming car free zones?
What happened to Libya right after World War II?
Why is the Bermuda Triangle an area of interest?
What happens to software after a major change in code that leads to regression??
Why do Oriental Patriarchs sign this way?
Why is efficiency sometimes lost in phosphor-based LEDs?
What causes the different accounts of the cross used?
Why did Jesus accept Crucifixion.
Why do reptiles only live up to the snow line?
Why is this specific antenna type used?
What caused the electrical telegraph to be delayed for some time?
Why did Cubans come to the United States?
Why did the Board of Trustees choose to name Washing University after George Washington?
What happens to untreated copper that makes it difficult to solder?
Why was Shtokavian the most widespread culture in the western Balkans? 
Why did monasteries have gardens?
Why did Moscow begin to repress the Ukrainian language?
Why was the presidential debate canceled in 1996 at Washington University?  
Why was a garrison implented in Italy by the Romans?
Why are hydrocarbon pesticides not excreted?
Why did Gremlins need 'PG-13'?
Why did the prophet Muhammad esteem women in Medina?
Why does a litigant initiate a lawsuit under the Civil Rights Act of 1871?
Why does Windows RT only work with apps included with the system?
Why did Victoria's family disapprove of Abdul Karim?
What happened to many of the structures developed for the World Fairs?
Why was paper tape better than magnetic tape?
What happens when certain constitutional amendments cannot occur?
What happened in Federalist No.46?
Why did Huxley coin the name "Darwinism?"
Why was the Duke not a friend of Anglicanism?
What caused child labour to decrease in the 20th century?
Why did the Russians strip their warships of their guns?
What caused the transition between the middle ages and early modern times?
Why did the Latin Americas Upper class support coup o'etats?
Why were the Fennica and Nordica chartered?
Why was the school named Yale College?
Why did Professor Skousen gather fragments and have them analyzed?
What caused early aircraft carriers to be made up of conversions of ships that were previously cargo ships, cruisers or battlecruisers?
Why did Eisenhower ignore McCarthy?
Why do researchers believe the social event reporting by adolescents (rather than sexual activity) is important?
What happens with contracts to aid corruption?
Why are older manuscripts preferred?
Why did the population of pigs and rabbits explode in New Zealand?
What happened in 1893 that destroyed most of the mosaics in the mosque?
Why do migrating land birds avoid large water bodies or mountain ranges?
What happened when a tag was made? 
Why would a transmitter have additional adjustments?
Why was the ability to play DVD-Video taken off of Windows Media Player?
Why is a plant chosen for the study of its cells?
What happened to geology during the Scientific Revolution?
Why did pre or prije develop rather than the symboled "pre"?
Why did they destroy the nuclear reactor?
Why does psychiatrist Anil Aggrawal say androphilia and gynephilia are needed terms?
Why did it receive this award?
Why are there too many hospital beds?
What happened to China after the 20th century revolutions?
What happens in the event of a tie?
Why was Britain able to keep its ancient forests longer than Europe?
Why has copyright infringement increased recently?
What caused Eisenhower's stroke of 1957?
Why does clinical immunology extend to those areas?
Why did a regional referendum in 1996 to merge Berlin with surrounding Brandenburg fail?
Why did demonstrators attack Russian soldiers in Khujand?
What causes genetic pollution?
What happened at the start of John's reign?
Why is gold vital to the people of Mali?
Why did Yongle Emperor send Yang Sanbao into Tibet?
Why was no Nachlass left behind after Whitehead's death?
Why are capacitors connected in parallel with the power circuits of many devices and large systems?
What happens to a state's obligations under a treaty upon its withdrawal from the treaty?
What happened in 1878 that played a role in San Diego's economic growth?
Why was Keifer discredited/empty leader?
What happened in 1958 that changed the home music scene?
Why do the syllabaries differ?
What happened between 1938 to 1995?
Why do debates not have a distinct winner?
Why was he investigated?
What caused the resurface of the Grecian monotony in politics ?
Why is written musical notation effective? 
What caused most of the missionaries to leave the country?
Why did the economics department turn down Hayek's employment?
Why did membership decline in the late 1970s?
What happened in several countries in response to Shell's April 2010 announcement?
Why did the companies circumvent the authentication system?
Why are the other versions of ASCII not true ASCII?
Why is the top of the seamount formed by marine organisms?
Why do some animals pass food through their gut twice?
Why did the NFL Network begin to broadcast games again?
Why did Chesapeake Bay colonists begin to buy slaves?
Why did the Soviet Union complain about the action of the US to the UN Security Council?
What happened after they decided agasint shifting?
Why does the alpine area fluctuate greatly?
Why did the US have troops on Okinawa?
What happens in Presbyterian denominations?
What causes the frequencies outside of the bandwidth to be unusable?
Why is it bad that a category is merely socially constructed?
Why do males in polygynous species return before the females?
Why is the black population in Bermuda different from that in the British West Indies and the United States?
Why was NBC criticized over its Olympic coverage?
Why were the Karachays exiled?
What happens to the energy that an incandescent bulb does not convert into light?
Why did SIgmund believe all humans are born bisexual?
What happened to Muslims during Holy Roman rule?
Why are annelid fossils rare?
What happened when regions underwent desertification?
What happened when the  Maratha Army lost the third battle of Panipat?
What happens when a cold is treated with antibiotics?
What happened after the roman catholic church regained power in Poland?
Why would a knuckle -space count be used to determine months?
Why did Lou Piniella leave the cubs prematurely?
What happened to the French Brest fleet?
What happens when you bite something you cant chew?
What caused Victoria limited mobility later in life?
What caused the second election of 2012? 
What would happen if someone in the Greek Orthodox Church became a Freemason?
WHy did King louis approve the privilege?
What causes glaciers to deform and flow?
What happens when the private banking system is weakened?
Why did the emperor pay a small fortune in gifts?
Why did many members of the senate flee the city after Caesar's death?
Why was the KInsey scale developed?
Why did John divert south?
Why were LaserDiscs more popular in Japan?
Why was the carnival feast typically the last opportunity to eat well?
Why would this type be good for receiving but not transmtting?
Why did Central Americans flee to the U.S.?
Why did John Quinton and Peter Leaver resign as chairman and chief excutive?
What caused the Romans early withdrawl in The First Samnite War?
What happens to a digimon after it dissolves?
What caused alarm in France?
What caused the mosaics at the villa rustica to be protected for centuries? 
Why did Kerry participate in the protest?
What happens at Broadway below 8th Street?
What caused Chernenko to leave office?
What happened to Bishop George?
Why is the ideal junction forward voltage lower?
What caused the water level in the Yellow River to increase?
Why would they leave agricultural lifestyle?
What happened days following the disaster?
What happens when an alloy is mixed with a molten base?
Why are plants able to stop and start dividing cells?
What causes this to be exacerbated?
Why is proper nutrition important?
Why did farmers build a bridge over the Harlem River?
What happens to the current when a battery has been attached to a capacitor for an adequate amount of time?
Why did Northwestern replace it's original official colors of black and gold?
What happened to the political prisoner being held in Burma ?
Why are the buildings so shoddily built?
Why did Victoria inherit the throne?
Why were low-ranking local tribes recruited?
Why did South Africa install an interim administration in Namibia?
Why do some police acts limit when police can interfere without court orders?
Why are glacial crevices formed?
What happened as a result of Maximilian's death?
Why did weeds grow with human crops?
Why has the supposed size of the 'South Bronx' grown?
Why can American tort law not be easily summarized?
Why do birds primarily migrate?
What causes the government to exert greater control over broadcast media than print media?
What caused a setback in naive set theory at the beginning of 20th century?
What happened in Victoria's life on the day after the one year anniversary of Brown's death?
Why are the Mollusca and Annelida considered to be close relatives?
Why are certain bacteria called predatory?
what would happen if the trade did not return a profit for at least 3 years?
What causes Streptococci?
Why would humans have begun to create gods?
Why did Chinese philosophy begin to mix with western concepts?
Why were they striking?
Why did Wilson rotate officers between communities?
Why did Coalition nations fear the removal of Hussein from power?
Why did the Luftwaffe bomb the RAF Fighter Command?
Why are the Marshall Islands the most endangered nation on Earth?
Why does race undermine social cohesion in America?
What causes diarrhea?
Why is travel in Kathmandu mainly via automobile or aircraft?
Why does Friedrinch Netzsche believe human rights exist?
Why is the use of solar balloons typically limited to the toy market?
Why is the value of C0 unattainable in reality?
Why did the USAF change its training methods on UAVs in 2014?
Why are collaborative agreements important?
Why was a platform used?
What caused the suppression of regional cultures?
Why was it not included in the series?
Why was the word "national" a cause for alarm to both Federalists and Anti-Federalists?
Why were early mammals active at night?
WHy did the foundation make the switch 
Why are the festivals in Peru held when they are?
Why would one judge reject another's opinion?
Why are dogs seen as unclean in Islam?
Why do Jehovah Witnesses forego religious holidays and birthdays or other celebrations?
What causes the color of hematite and red ochre?
Why did so many schools collapse during the earthquake?
What happens to the teams at the bottom of the ranks at the end of the season?
What happened during the red faction revolution?
What happens when Neptune goes retrograde? 
What causes the temperature to decrease?
Why is a methos that only produces two branches seen as inferior?
Why did the Spanish think that Vicuña would be a suitable replacement for González-Páramo?
Why did Iran have to build its own military hardware, vehicles, and weapons after the 1979 Revolution?
Why were new plants arriving in Europe in the 18th century?
Why are variations distributed along clines?
What happens with the reduced carbon compounds in the food are broken down releasing stored solar energy?
Why did e Melo demarcate the region for production of Port?
What happened to Peter Stahl when he fell asleep flying?
What happened for the first time to the DigiDestined in the film series?
Why was the Dutch East Indies important to Japan?
What happens with the Brussels special position?
Why did universities have these gardens?
Why do madaris extend enrollment to children of less fortunate circumstances?
Why did the population decline after this time?
Why were the Portugese Africa territories' borders formally established?
What causes food in Alaskan cities to be relatively expensive?
Why did Karl von Loesch bury the microfilm?
What happens when frequency decreases in the bass?
Why did parties that relied on donations or subscriptions run into problems?
What happens when a name is defective or misleading?
Why do some regulatory regions of a gene not have to be close to the coding sequence?
Why has Palermo's population declined from 2001 to 2010?
What would happen if a lower court refused to uphold a constitutional law?
Why did Darwin wonder why all of nature isn't chaotic and random?
Why was the change made for the USB device?
Why do developing countries not wash their hands as much as other countries?
What happened to office buildings in Shanghai?
Why did this happen?
Why was zinc being used in the 1930's?
Why is a loss of energy difficult to measure by weight?
What caused a temporary exodus from Nueva Vizcaya?
Why was secondary school introduced in the U.S?
What caused  the Hindenburg to explode?
Why does Stewart Guthrie believe that people project their human features onto non human things?
Why is the ability to boot write-locked SD cards with a USB adapter advantageous for?
What happened when antibiotics was over used in livestock?
Why can outgassing products ruin a space mission?
What happened regarding DST in 2007 in the United States that probably led to the DOE investigation?
What happened on BBC's Newsnight in 1998?
Why are larger cathedrals and churches associated with the Gothic style?
What happened which ended in two puppet states dissolving and Soviet withdrawal out of Iran after WWII?
Why do photos show take on horns?
What caused a Tetanus outbreak?
Why are Arabic translation efforts important to Western translation traditions?
Why did von Neumann join government work?
Why are smoking bans in place?
What happened to the British army?
Why is zinc carbonate poorly absorbed in the body?
what caused the Dutch to expand thier spice trade in the malaccan straits?
Why was Victoria advised not to visit France in April of 1900?
What caused technological and economical progress?
What causes the black checked pattern in the wood of western hemlocks?
What caused Victoria's rheumatism?
Why did a small group of people remain on Norfolk Island, after others had already left?
Why did the jazz clubs close down?
Why were standard connectors designed to be so robust?
Why is duck more common than other poultry in the east society ??
Why did flowering plants develop numerous morphological and physiological mechanisms?
What causes sharp shadows around buildings? 
Why did the government refuse to allow the London Underground stations to be used as shelters?
Why were 45s more popular with jukeboxes?
Why did agricultural societies push into hunter-gatherer areas?
Why is North Korea insisting that the 1953 armistice was violated?
Why are different materials used in a lab than are used in factory production?
Why is Bermuda considered an offshore financial center?
Why was club Barcelona placed under restrictions during the occupation?
What happened to Apple's market share with the release of Windows 95?
Why is it used as a coolant?
Why is trophy hunting important to conservation in Africa?
Why are newborns described as being physiologically immunodeficient?
What happened since 1997?
What can cause sudden disc degradation?
WHat happened to the kings right to raise taxes?
Why did the CTRC send out a bulletin to broadcasters?
Why did the last Ming Emperor commit suicide?
Why did Libya become an "international pariah"?
Why do incandescent lights have superior color rendering?
Why were BJTs so popular?
Why did Dyke only want the larger clubs featured on national television?
What happens to the rule of law if a government does not have an effective system for maintenance and restoration?
Why were sanctions place on Liberian timber exports?
Why do birds need to molt?
Why did Naples remain neutral?
Why is Bermuda a great place for snorkellers?
Why does translation cause such issues among different cultures?
Why did members of the clergy oppose the use of chloroform for childbirth?
Why has MTP become the primary storage access protocol of the Android operating system?
Why did Squeeze LDs have a very limited market?
Why is New Mexico always an after thought in American -Spanish speaking society?
Why is Japan black used for outdoor paint?
Why is it difficult to now which chronic wounds are infected?
What would happen if the voltage difference from collector and emitter were zero?
What happened to nobility at expense of the king?
Why did Cj clark shoes leave the area 
Why were Americans allowed to start checking more than one box to identify their race in the Census in 200?
Why were the protesters arrested?
Why do people say KInseys work is not correct?
What happens to the silicate slag  during the flash smelting process?
Why did tigers became extinct in Sariska?
Why is the Pekin duck the favored of the western world?
Why did the ECB intervene during the subprime mortgage crisis?
Why were Londoners forced to sleep in shelters?
What caused many slaveholder to free their slaves?
Why were sports important in these schools?
Why do miniature PM motors use high energy magnets?
Why did the world community notice the need for help?
What causes humans to underestimate time intervals?
Why did the mail stagecoaches stop running?
What happened to the crime rate in San Diego between 1990 and 2000?
Why does the sequence of one strand completely specify the sequence of its complement?
What happens if all wrestlers are down?
Why was the broadcast the most-watched in history?
What is the effect of exposing a human to red when it comes to cognitive skills?
What happens when a country bans a movie?
What happened in 1923 that required repairs to many of the city's engineering works?
What caused long lines in most major cities?
Why did Victoria repremend Derby following her visit with Napolean III? 
What happened during the c. 488–444 Ma and early Silurian period?
What caused population growth to decline  in the 1980s?
Why does basing sexual orientation on one component cause problems?
Why did the use of "African" become an issue?
Why was the Republic of Novgorod doing so well while the Kievan Rus declined?
What happens during Hybrid Boot mode?
Why is CBC's coverage preferable to other networks in the US?
Why are long sentences in a modern preamble formatted into multiple paragraphs?
Why was the lawsuit eventually dismissed?
Why were there armor changes in the 1500s?
Why was the USAF forced to ground some of its squadrons in 2013?
What happened to the Premier League's televsion rights after this decision?
What caused Romanticism to end?
What happens to most intermarried people in the orthodox community?
Why are seabirds from the southern hemisphere more likely to migrate?
Why did mathematical relations become necessary?
Why is it necessary for smaller animals to have an insulative covering?
Why are scholars concerned with analysis of the Gospels over the letters?
Why was the tactic of bombing German aircraft bases, factories and fuel reserves impractical?
Why did Eisenhower need surgery on June 9, 1956?
What caused Latin America's right-wing authorities to support coup o'etats?
What happens when a lot of repo notes come due?
What happens when a doctor doesn't know the microorganism yet?
Why did the Kievan state prosper?
What happened to the BeiDou-1D satellite that needed to be repaired?
Why were the shelters soon abandoned in 1940? 
What happens when someone tries to improve education?
Why are there so few surviving mosaics from the Komnenian period?
What happened to urban R&B in the early 1990s?
Why did Spain give part of Catalonia to France?
What happened at the same time as the crash, which may have contributed to the government downplaying it?
Why is French taught in school?
Why did they decide against shifting code?
What happened when the UGLE was formed in 1813?
Why were houses built on piles?
Why is the translation of sung texts more restrictive?
Why is it important for textual critics to analyze the Gospels?
Why was San Diego eligible for two VHF channels?
What happened to Hornswoggle?
Why did merchants prefer that their daughters not marry samurai?
Why did the oversea nominations discontinue?
Why did the U.K and France get involved with the war against the Russia?
Why do phloem sieve tubes stop forming?
What happens to amino acids that are left over after the body has converted what it can to glucose?
why do satellites need to fire engines every few day to keep orbit?
What happened to most of the German population during the war in what is current day Kaliningrad?
Why did the Cork Tramway Company stop operations?
What causes the behavioral adaptations necessary for migration?
Why were the first three games of the 1945 World Series played in Detroit?
Why do EU institutions and national governments have to respect the independence of the ECB?
Why did Galla Placidia erect the church of San Giovanni Evangelista?
What causes glass to dissolve in water?
What caused the move of BBC Television into the BBC VIsion unit?
Why does Eritrean cooking tend to feature more seafood than Ethiopian cuisine?
Why are some leeches endangered?