There are many other branches of geology. There is so much to know about our home planet that most geologists become specialists in one area. For example, a mineralogist studies minerals, as seen in (Figure 1.11). [SEP] There is so much
There are many other branches of geology. There is so much to know about our home planet that most geologists become specialists in one area. For example, a mineralogist studies minerals, as seen in (Figure 1.11). [SEP] most geologists become specialists in one area .
Oceanography is the study of the oceans. The word oceanology might be more accurate, since ology is the study of. Graph is to write and refers to map making. [SEP] ology is the study of .
Oceanography is the study of the oceans. The word oceanology might be more accurate, since ology is the study of. Graph is to write and refers to map making. [SEP] The word oceanology might be more accurate
The universe also contains black holes, other galaxies, asteroids, comets, and nebula. As big as Earth seems, the entire universe is vastly more enormous. Earth is just a tiny part of our universe. [SEP] big as Earth seems , the entire universe is vastly more enormous .
The universe also contains black holes, other galaxies, asteroids, comets, and nebula. As big as Earth seems, the entire universe is vastly more enormous. Earth is just a tiny part of our universe. [SEP] The universe also contains black holes , other galaxies , asteroids , comets , and nebula .
Meteorology is very important. Using radars and satellites, meteorologists work to predict, or forecast, the weather (Figure 1.14). The atmosphere is a thin layer of gas that surrounds Earth. [SEP] Using radars and satellites
Meteorology is very important. Using radars and satellites, meteorologists work to predict, or forecast, the weather (Figure 1.14). The atmosphere is a thin layer of gas that surrounds Earth. [SEP] meteorologists work to predict , or forecast , the weather -LRB- Figure 1.14 -RRB- .
Climatologists study the atmosphere. These scientists work to understand the climate as it is now. They also study how climate will change in response to global warming. [SEP] it is now .
Climatologists study the atmosphere. These scientists work to understand the climate as it is now. They also study how climate will change in response to global warming. [SEP] These scientists work to understand the climate
Larger sediments are dropped in steep areas, but smaller sediments can still be carried. Smaller sediments are dropped as the slope becomes less steep. Alluvial Fans [SEP] the slope becomes less steep .
Larger sediments are dropped in steep areas, but smaller sediments can still be carried. Smaller sediments are dropped as the slope becomes less steep. Alluvial Fans [SEP] Smaller sediments are dropped
A flood occurs when a river overflows it banks. This might happen because of heavy rains. Floodplains As the water spreads out over the land, it slows down and drops its sediment. [SEP] This might happen
A flood occurs when a river overflows it banks. This might happen because of heavy rains. Floodplains As the water spreads out over the land, it slows down and drops its sediment. [SEP] . Floodplains As the water spreads out over the land , it slows down and drops its sediment
Floodplains As the water spreads out over the land, it slows down and drops its sediment. If a river floods often, the floodplain develops a thick layer of rich soil because of all the deposits. Thats why floodplains are usually good places for growing plants. [SEP] If a river floods often , the floodplain develops a thick layer of rich soil
Floodplains As the water spreads out over the land, it slows down and drops its sediment. If a river floods often, the floodplain develops a thick layer of rich soil because of all the deposits. Thats why floodplains are usually good places for growing plants. [SEP] . Thats why floodplains are usually good places for growing plants
You can see how levees form in Figure 10.8. Levees occur because floodwaters deposit their biggest sediments first when they overflow the rivers banks.  [SEP] floodwaters deposit their biggest sediments first when they overflow the rivers banks .
You can see how levees form in Figure 10.8. Levees occur because floodwaters deposit their biggest sediments first when they overflow the rivers banks.  [SEP] Levees occur
A stalagmite is a more rounded mineral deposit that forms on the floor of a cave (Figure 10.9). Both types of formations grow in size as water keeps dripping and more minerals are deposited.  [SEP] water keeps dripping and more minerals are deposited
A stalagmite is a more rounded mineral deposit that forms on the floor of a cave (Figure 10.9). Both types of formations grow in size as water keeps dripping and more minerals are deposited.  [SEP] Both types of formations grow in size
Rivers flowing over gentle slopes erode the sides of their channels more than the bottom. Large curves, called meanders, form because of erosion and deposition by the moving water. The curves are called meanders because they slowly wander over the land. [SEP] Large curves , called meanders , form
Rivers flowing over gentle slopes erode the sides of their channels more than the bottom. Large curves, called meanders, form because of erosion and deposition by the moving water. The curves are called meanders because they slowly wander over the land. [SEP] . The curves are called meanders because they slowly wander over the land
Large curves, called meanders, form because of erosion and deposition by the moving water. The curves are called meanders because they slowly wander over the land. You can see how this happens in Figure 10.6. [SEP] they slowly wander over the land .
Large curves, called meanders, form because of erosion and deposition by the moving water. The curves are called meanders because they slowly wander over the land. You can see how this happens in Figure 10.6. [SEP] The curves are called meanders
You can see how this happens in Figure 10.6. As meanders erode from side to side, they create a floodplain. This is a broad, flat area on both sides of a river. [SEP] meanders erode from side to side , they create a floodplain .
You can see how this happens in Figure 10.6. As meanders erode from side to side, they create a floodplain. This is a broad, flat area on both sides of a river. [SEP] You can see how this happens in Figure 10.6 .
Mountain streams may erode waterfalls. As shown in Figure 10.5, a waterfall forms where a stream flows from an area of harder to softer rock. The water erodes the softer rock faster than the harder rock. [SEP] shown in Figure 10.5 , a waterfall forms where a stream flows from an area of harder to softer rock .
Mountain streams may erode waterfalls. As shown in Figure 10.5, a waterfall forms where a stream flows from an area of harder to softer rock. The water erodes the softer rock faster than the harder rock. [SEP] Mountain streams may erode waterfalls .
This causes the stream bed to drop down, like a step, creating a waterfall. As erosion continues, the waterfall gradually moves upstream.  [SEP] erosion continues , the waterfall gradually moves upstream .
This causes the stream bed to drop down, like a step, creating a waterfall. As erosion continues, the waterfall gradually moves upstream.  [SEP] This causes the stream bed to drop down , like a step , creating a waterfall .
You can see an example in Figure 10.4. A mountain stream flows very quickly because of the steep slope. This causes a lot of erosion and very little deposition. [SEP] A mountain stream flows very quickly
You can see an example in Figure 10.4. A mountain stream flows very quickly because of the steep slope. This causes a lot of erosion and very little deposition. [SEP] . This causes a lot of erosion and very little deposition
Gravity causes the water to flow from higher to lower ground. As the runoff flows, it may pick up loose material on the surface, such as bits of soil and sand. Runoff is likely to cause more erosion if the land is bare. [SEP] the runoff flows , it may pick up loose material on the surface , such as bits of soil and sand .
Gravity causes the water to flow from higher to lower ground. As the runoff flows, it may pick up loose material on the surface, such as bits of soil and sand. Runoff is likely to cause more erosion if the land is bare. [SEP] Gravity causes the water to flow from higher to lower ground .
As the runoff flows, it may pick up loose material on the surface, such as bits of soil and sand. Runoff is likely to cause more erosion if the land is bare. Plants help hold the soil in place. [SEP] the land is bare .
As the runoff flows, it may pick up loose material on the surface, such as bits of soil and sand. Runoff is likely to cause more erosion if the land is bare. Plants help hold the soil in place. [SEP] Runoff is likely to cause more erosion
Plants help hold the soil in place. The runoff water in Figure 10.3 is brown because it eroded soil from a bare, sloping field. Can you find evidence of erosion by runoff where you live? [SEP] it eroded soil from a bare , sloping field .
Plants help hold the soil in place. The runoff water in Figure 10.3 is brown because it eroded soil from a bare, sloping field. Can you find evidence of erosion by runoff where you live? [SEP] The runoff water in Figure 10.3 is brown
Runoff is an important cause of erosion. Thats because it occurs over so much of Earths surface.  [SEP] Thats because it occurs over
Runoff is an important cause of erosion. Thats because it occurs over so much of Earths surface.  [SEP] much of Earths surface .
The water starts dropping the particles it was carrying. As the water slows, it drops the largest particles first. The smallest particles settle out last. [SEP] the water slows , it drops the largest particles first .
The water starts dropping the particles it was carrying. As the water slows, it drops the largest particles first. The smallest particles settle out last. [SEP] The water starts dropping the particles it was carrying .
 The size of particles determines how they are carried by flowing water. This is illustrated in Figure 10.2. [SEP] flowing water
 The size of particles determines how they are carried by flowing water. This is illustrated in Figure 10.2. [SEP] The size of particles determines how they are carried
Faster-moving water has more energy. Therefore, it can carry larger particles. It can carry more particles. [SEP] Faster-moving water has more energy
Faster-moving water has more energy. Therefore, it can carry larger particles. It can carry more particles. [SEP] it can carry larger particles .
Eventually, the water deposits the materials. As water slows, larger particles are deposited. As the water slows even more, smaller particles are deposited. [SEP] water slows , larger particles are deposited .
Eventually, the water deposits the materials. As water slows, larger particles are deposited. As the water slows even more, smaller particles are deposited. [SEP] Eventually , the water deposits the materials .
As water slows, larger particles are deposited. As the water slows even more, smaller particles are deposited. The graph in Figure 10.1 shows how water velocity and particle size influence erosion and deposition. [SEP] the water slows even more , smaller particles are deposited .
As water slows, larger particles are deposited. As the water slows even more, smaller particles are deposited. The graph in Figure 10.1 shows how water velocity and particle size influence erosion and deposition. [SEP] As water slows , larger particles are deposited .
You can see some of them in Figure 10.28. As a valley glacier flows through a V-shaped river valley, it scrapes away the sides of the valley. It carves a U-shaped valley with nearly vertical walls. [SEP] a valley glacier flows through a V-shaped river valley , it scrapes away the sides of the valley .
You can see some of them in Figure 10.28. As a valley glacier flows through a V-shaped river valley, it scrapes away the sides of the valley. It carves a U-shaped valley with nearly vertical walls. [SEP] You can see some of them in Figure 10.28 .
With complete preservation, the organism doesnt change much. As seen below, tree sap may cover an organism and then turn into amber. The original organism is preserved so that scientists might be able to study its DNA. [SEP] seen below , tree sap may cover an organism and then turn into amber .
With complete preservation, the organism doesnt change much. As seen below, tree sap may cover an organism and then turn into amber. The original organism is preserved so that scientists might be able to study its DNA. [SEP] With complete preservation , the organism doesnt change much .
As seen below, tree sap may cover an organism and then turn into amber. The original organism is preserved so that scientists might be able to study its DNA. Organisms can also be completely preserved in tar or ice. [SEP] The original organism is preserved
As seen below, tree sap may cover an organism and then turn into amber. The original organism is preserved so that scientists might be able to study its DNA. Organisms can also be completely preserved in tar or ice. [SEP] scientists might be able to study its DNA .
Rock layers extend laterally, or out to the sides. They may cover very broad areas, especially if they formed at the bottom of ancient seas. Erosion may have worn away some of the rock, but layers on either side of eroded areas will still match up. [SEP] they formed at the bottom of ancient seas .
Rock layers extend laterally, or out to the sides. They may cover very broad areas, especially if they formed at the bottom of ancient seas. Erosion may have worn away some of the rock, but layers on either side of eroded areas will still match up. [SEP] They may cover very broad areas , especially
You can clearly see the same rock layers on opposite sides of the canyon. The matching rock layers were deposited at the same time, so they are the same age.  [SEP] The matching rock layers were deposited at the same time
You can clearly see the same rock layers on opposite sides of the canyon. The matching rock layers were deposited at the same time, so they are the same age.  [SEP] they are the same age .
Sediments were deposited in ancient seas in horizontal, or flat, layers. If sedimentary rock layers are tilted, they must have moved after they were deposited.  [SEP] sedimentary rock layers are tilted
Sediments were deposited in ancient seas in horizontal, or flat, layers. If sedimentary rock layers are tilted, they must have moved after they were deposited.  [SEP] they must have moved after they were deposited .
 Geologists can learn a lot about Earths history by studying sedimentary rock layers. But in some places, theres a gap in time when no rock layers are present. [SEP] studying sedimentary rock layers
 Geologists can learn a lot about Earths history by studying sedimentary rock layers. But in some places, theres a gap in time when no rock layers are present. [SEP] Geologists can learn a lot about Earths history
The laws are illustrated in Figure 11.6. Refer to the figure as you read about the laws below.  [SEP] you read about the laws below .
The laws are illustrated in Figure 11.6. Refer to the figure as you read about the laws below.  [SEP] The laws are illustrated in Figure 11.6 . Refer to the figure
Relative age means age in comparison with other rocks, either younger or older. The relative ages of rocks are important for understanding Earths history. New rock layers are always deposited on top of existing rock layers. [SEP] understanding Earths history
Relative age means age in comparison with other rocks, either younger or older. The relative ages of rocks are important for understanding Earths history. New rock layers are always deposited on top of existing rock layers. [SEP] The relative ages of rocks are important
New rock layers are always deposited on top of existing rock layers. Therefore, deeper layers must be older than layers closer to the surface. This is the law of superposition. [SEP] New rock layers are always deposited on top of existing rock layers
New rock layers are always deposited on top of existing rock layers. Therefore, deeper layers must be older than layers closer to the surface. This is the law of superposition. [SEP] deeper layers must be older than layers closer to the surface .
It is important that this chalk layer goes across the English Channel. The rock is so soft that the Channel Tunnel connecting England and France was carved into it!  [SEP] The rock is so soft
It is important that this chalk layer goes across the English Channel. The rock is so soft that the Channel Tunnel connecting England and France was carved into it!  [SEP] the Channel Tunnel connecting England and France was carved into it !
European geologists were the first to put together the geologic time scale. So, many of the names of the time periods are from places in Europe. The Jurassic Period is named for the Jura Mountains in France and Switzerland, for example. [SEP] European geologists were the first to put together the geologic time scale
European geologists were the first to put together the geologic time scale. So, many of the names of the time periods are from places in Europe. The Jurassic Period is named for the Jura Mountains in France and Switzerland, for example. [SEP] many of the names of the time periods are from places in Europe .
A living thing takes in carbon-14 (along with stable carbon-12). As the carbon-14 decays, it is replaced with more carbon-14. After the organism dies, it stops taking in carbon. [SEP] the carbon-14 decays , it is replaced with more carbon-14 .
A living thing takes in carbon-14 (along with stable carbon-12). As the carbon-14 decays, it is replaced with more carbon-14. After the organism dies, it stops taking in carbon. [SEP] A living thing takes in carbon-14 -LRB- along with stable carbon-12 -RRB- .
The carbon-14 that is in its body continues to decay. So the organism contains less and less carbon-14 as time goes on. We can estimate the amount of carbon-14 that has decayed by measuring the amount of carbon-14 to carbon-12. [SEP] The carbon-14 that is in its body continues to decay
The carbon-14 that is in its body continues to decay. So the organism contains less and less carbon-14 as time goes on. We can estimate the amount of carbon-14 that has decayed by measuring the amount of carbon-14 to carbon-12. [SEP] the organism contains less and less carbon-14 as time goes on .
So the organism contains less and less carbon-14 as time goes on. We can estimate the amount of carbon-14 that has decayed by measuring the amount of carbon-14 to carbon-12. We know how fast carbon-14 decays. [SEP] measuring the amount of carbon-14 to carbon-12
So the organism contains less and less carbon-14 as time goes on. We can estimate the amount of carbon-14 that has decayed by measuring the amount of carbon-14 to carbon-12. We know how fast carbon-14 decays. [SEP] We can estimate the amount of carbon-14 that has decayed
So carbon- 14 dating is useful for specimens younger than 50,000 years old. Thats a blink of an eye in geologic time. [SEP] specimens younger than 50,000 years old
So carbon- 14 dating is useful for specimens younger than 50,000 years old. Thats a blink of an eye in geologic time. [SEP] 14 dating is useful
These isotopes have much longer half-lives than carbon- 14. Because they decay more slowly, they can be used to date much older specimens. Which of these isotopes could be used to date a rock that formed half a million years ago? [SEP] they decay more slowly
These isotopes have much longer half-lives than carbon- 14. Because they decay more slowly, they can be used to date much older specimens. Which of these isotopes could be used to date a rock that formed half a million years ago? [SEP] they can be used to date much older specimens .
The lighter elements rose to the surface (Figure 12.4). Because the material separated, Earths core is made mostly of iron. Earths crust is made mostly of lighter materials. [SEP] the material separated
The lighter elements rose to the surface (Figure 12.4). Because the material separated, Earths core is made mostly of iron. Earths crust is made mostly of lighter materials. [SEP] Earths core is made mostly of iron .
Temperatures and pressures at the center of the cloud were extreme. It was so hot that nuclear fusion reactions began. In these reactions hydrogen fuses to make helium. [SEP] It was so hot
Temperatures and pressures at the center of the cloud were extreme. It was so hot that nuclear fusion reactions began. In these reactions hydrogen fuses to make helium. [SEP] nuclear fusion reactions began .
The cloud contracted and began to spin. As it contracted, its temperature and pressure increased. The cloud spun faster, and formed into a disk. [SEP] it contracted , its temperature and pressure increased .
The cloud contracted and began to spin. As it contracted, its temperature and pressure increased. The cloud spun faster, and formed into a disk. [SEP] The cloud contracted and began to spin .
The early Earth had no atmosphere. Conditions were so hot that gases were not stable.  [SEP] Conditions were so hot
The early Earth had no atmosphere. Conditions were so hot that gases were not stable.  [SEP] gases were not stable .
Earths atmosphere slowly cooled. Once it was cooler, water vapor could condense. It changed back to its liquid form. [SEP] it was cooler
Earths atmosphere slowly cooled. Once it was cooler, water vapor could condense. It changed back to its liquid form. [SEP] water vapor could condense .
Over millions of years water collected to form the oceans. Water began to cycle on Earth as water evaporated from the oceans and returned again as rainfall.  [SEP] water evaporated from the oceans and returned again as rainfall .
Over millions of years water collected to form the oceans. Water began to cycle on Earth as water evaporated from the oceans and returned again as rainfall.  [SEP] Water began to cycle on Earth
 Since the early Earth was very hot, mantle convection was very rapid. Plate tectonics likely moved very quickly. [SEP] the early Earth was very hot
 Since the early Earth was very hot, mantle convection was very rapid. Plate tectonics likely moved very quickly. [SEP] mantle convection was very rapid .
Prokaryotes and eukaryotes can be multicellular. Toward the end of the Precambrian, the Ediacara Fauna evolved (Figure 12.8). These are the fossils discovered by Walcott in the introduction to the next section. [SEP] Toward the end of the Precambrian
Prokaryotes and eukaryotes can be multicellular. Toward the end of the Precambrian, the Ediacara Fauna evolved (Figure 12.8). These are the fossils discovered by Walcott in the introduction to the next section. [SEP] the Ediacara Fauna evolved -LRB- Figure 12.8 -RRB- .
Some supply energy; some break down wastes. Eukaryotes were better able to live and so became the dominant life form.  [SEP] Eukaryotes were better able to live
Some supply energy; some break down wastes. Eukaryotes were better able to live and so became the dominant life form.  [SEP] became the dominant life form .
Thats why the chemical formula for water is H2 O. If water is so simple, why is it special? Water is one of the few substances that exists on Earth in all three states of matter. [SEP] If water is
Thats why the chemical formula for water is H2 O. If water is so simple, why is it special? Water is one of the few substances that exists on Earth in all three states of matter. [SEP] simple , why is it
Each water molecule has probably been around for billions of years. Thats because Earths water is constantly recycled.  [SEP] Earths water is constantly recycled .
Each water molecule has probably been around for billions of years. Thats because Earths water is constantly recycled.  [SEP] water molecule has probably been around for billions of years . Thats
Figure 13.1 shows why. If astronauts see Earth from space, this is how it looks. Notice how blue the planet appears. [SEP] astronauts see Earth from space
Figure 13.1 shows why. If astronauts see Earth from space, this is how it looks. Notice how blue the planet appears. [SEP] this is how it looks .
Notice how blue the planet appears. Thats because oceans cover much of Earths surface. Water is also found in the clouds that rise above the planet. [SEP] oceans cover much of Earths surface .
Notice how blue the planet appears. Thats because oceans cover much of Earths surface. Water is also found in the clouds that rise above the planet. [SEP] the planet appears . Thats
Most of Earths water is salt water in the oceans. As Figure 13.2 shows, only 3 percent of Earths water is fresh. Freshwater is water that contains little or no dissolved salt. [SEP] Figure 13.2 shows , only 3 percent of Earths water is fresh .
Most of Earths water is salt water in the oceans. As Figure 13.2 shows, only 3 percent of Earths water is fresh. Freshwater is water that contains little or no dissolved salt. [SEP] Most of Earths water is salt water in the oceans .
 Water keeps changing state as it goes through the water cycle. This means that it can be a solid, liquid, or gas. [SEP] it goes through the water cycle .
 Water keeps changing state as it goes through the water cycle. This means that it can be a solid, liquid, or gas. [SEP] Water keeps changing state
How does it keep moving through the cycle? As Figure 13.3 shows, several processes are involved. Evaporation changes liquid water to water vapor. [SEP] Figure 13.3 shows , several processes are involved .
How does it keep moving through the cycle? As Figure 13.3 shows, several processes are involved. Evaporation changes liquid water to water vapor. [SEP] it keep moving through the cycle ?
Energy from the Sun causes water to evaporate. Most evaporation is from the oceans because they cover so much area. The water vapor rises into the atmosphere. [SEP] Most evaporation is from the oceans because they cover
Energy from the Sun causes water to evaporate. Most evaporation is from the oceans because they cover so much area. The water vapor rises into the atmosphere. [SEP] much area . The water vapor rises into the atmosphere
The water vapor rises into the atmosphere. Transpiration is like evaporation because it changes liquid water to water vapor. In transpiration, plants release water vapor through their leaves. [SEP] it changes liquid water to water vapor .
The water vapor rises into the atmosphere. Transpiration is like evaporation because it changes liquid water to water vapor. In transpiration, plants release water vapor through their leaves. [SEP] Transpiration is like evaporation
Condensation changes water vapor to liquid water. As air rises higher into the atmosphere, it cools. Cool air can hold less water vapor than warm air. [SEP] air rises higher into the atmosphere , it cools .
Condensation changes water vapor to liquid water. As air rises higher into the atmosphere, it cools. Cool air can hold less water vapor than warm air. [SEP] Condensation changes water vapor to liquid water .
Cool air can hold less water vapor than warm air. So some of the water vapor condenses into water droplets. Water droplets may form clouds. [SEP] Cool air can hold less water vapor than warm air
Cool air can hold less water vapor than warm air. So some of the water vapor condenses into water droplets. Water droplets may form clouds. [SEP] some of the water vapor condenses into water droplets .
Water droplets in clouds fall to Earth when they become too large to stay aloft. The water falls as rain if the air is warm. If the air is cold, the water may freeze and fall as snow, sleet, or hail. [SEP] the air is warm .
Water droplets in clouds fall to Earth when they become too large to stay aloft. The water falls as rain if the air is warm. If the air is cold, the water may freeze and fall as snow, sleet, or hail. [SEP] The water falls as rain
The water falls as rain if the air is warm. If the air is cold, the water may freeze and fall as snow, sleet, or hail. Most precipitation falls into the oceans. [SEP] the air is cold
The water falls as rain if the air is warm. If the air is cold, the water may freeze and fall as snow, sleet, or hail. Most precipitation falls into the oceans. [SEP] the water may freeze and fall as snow , sleet , or hail .
A stream ends at its mouth. As the water flows into the body of water, it slows down and drops the sediment it was carrying. The sediment may build up to form a delta. [SEP] the water flows into the body of water , it slows down and drops the sediment it was carrying .
A stream ends at its mouth. As the water flows into the body of water, it slows down and drops the sediment it was carrying. The sediment may build up to form a delta. [SEP] A stream ends at its mouth .
The same principle explains why water collects in ponds and lakes. Water travels downhill, so a depression in the ground fills with standing water. A pond is a small body of standing water. [SEP] Water travels downhill
The same principle explains why water collects in ponds and lakes. Water travels downhill, so a depression in the ground fills with standing water. A pond is a small body of standing water. [SEP] a depression in the ground fills with standing water .
The Great Salt Lake in Utah is an example of a saltwater lake. The water in a large lake may be so deep that sunlight cannot penetrate all the way to the bottom. Without sunlight, water plants and algae cannot live on the bottom of the lake. [SEP] The water in a large lake may be so deep
The Great Salt Lake in Utah is an example of a saltwater lake. The water in a large lake may be so deep that sunlight cannot penetrate all the way to the bottom. Without sunlight, water plants and algae cannot live on the bottom of the lake. [SEP] sunlight can not penetrate all the way to the bottom .
Without sunlight, water plants and algae cannot live on the bottom of the lake. Thats because plants need sunlight for photosynthesis. The largest lakes in the world are the Great Lakes. [SEP] plants need sunlight for photosynthesis .
Without sunlight, water plants and algae cannot live on the bottom of the lake. Thats because plants need sunlight for photosynthesis. The largest lakes in the world are the Great Lakes. [SEP] sunlight , water plants and algae can not live on the bottom of the lake . Thats
 Not all wetlands are alike, as you can see from Figure 13.9. Wetlands vary in how wet they are and how much of the year they are soaked. [SEP] you can see from Figure 13.9 .
 Not all wetlands are alike, as you can see from Figure 13.9. Wetlands vary in how wet they are and how much of the year they are soaked. [SEP] Not all wetlands are alike
Laws have been passed to help protect them. Why are wetlands so important? Wetlands have great biodiversity. [SEP] Why are wetlands
Laws have been passed to help protect them. Why are wetlands so important? Wetlands have great biodiversity. [SEP] important ? Wetlands have great biodiversity
They provide homes or breeding sites to a huge variety of species. Because so much wetland area has been lost, many of these species are endangered. Wetlands purify water. [SEP] provide homes or breeding sites to a huge variety of species . Because
They provide homes or breeding sites to a huge variety of species. Because so much wetland area has been lost, many of these species are endangered. Wetlands purify water. [SEP] much wetland area has been lost , many of these species are endangered .
 A flood occurs when so much water enters a stream or river that it overflows its banks. Flood waters from a river are shown in Figure 13.10. [SEP] A flood occurs when so much
 A flood occurs when so much water enters a stream or river that it overflows its banks. Flood waters from a river are shown in Figure 13.10. [SEP] it overflows its banks .
Most groundwater does not flow out of an aquifer as a spring or geyser. So to use the water thats stored in an aquifer people must go after it. How? [SEP] Most groundwater does not flow out of an aquifer as a spring or geyser
Most groundwater does not flow out of an aquifer as a spring or geyser. So to use the water thats stored in an aquifer people must go after it. How? [SEP] to use the water thats stored in an aquifer people must go after it .
People have depended on water from wells for thousands of years. To bring water to the surface takes energy because the force of gravity must be overcome. Today, many wells use electricity to pump water to the surface. [SEP] the force of gravity must be overcome .
People have depended on water from wells for thousands of years. To bring water to the surface takes energy because the force of gravity must be overcome. Today, many wells use electricity to pump water to the surface. [SEP] To bring water to the surface takes energy
Then more water collects and the pressure builds up again. This leads to another eruption. Old Faithful is the best-known geyser in the world. [SEP] more water collects and the pressure builds up again
Then more water collects and the pressure builds up again. This leads to another eruption. Old Faithful is the best-known geyser in the world. [SEP] another eruption
Some springs have water that contains minerals. Groundwater dissolves minerals out of the rock as it seeps through the pores. The water in some springs is hot because it is heated by hot magma. [SEP] it seeps through the pores .
Some springs have water that contains minerals. Groundwater dissolves minerals out of the rock as it seeps through the pores. The water in some springs is hot because it is heated by hot magma. [SEP] Groundwater dissolves minerals out of the rock
Groundwater dissolves minerals out of the rock as it seeps through the pores. The water in some springs is hot because it is heated by hot magma. Many hot springs are also mineral springs. [SEP] it is heated by hot magma .
Groundwater dissolves minerals out of the rock as it seeps through the pores. The water in some springs is hot because it is heated by hot magma. Many hot springs are also mineral springs. [SEP] The water in some springs is hot
Many hot springs are also mineral springs. Thats because hot water can dissolve more minerals than cold water. Grand Prismatic Spring, shown in Figure 13.16, is a hot mineral spring. [SEP] hot water can dissolve more minerals than cold water .
Many hot springs are also mineral springs. Thats because hot water can dissolve more minerals than cold water. Grand Prismatic Spring, shown in Figure 13.16, is a hot mineral spring. [SEP] hot springs are also mineral springs . Thats
Thats what happens to the water that flows out of Big Spring in Missouri. If the water from a spring cant flow downhill, it may spread out to form a pond or lake instead. Lake George in New York State, which is pictured in Figure 13.15, is a spring-fed lake. [SEP] the water from a spring cant flow downhill
Thats what happens to the water that flows out of Big Spring in Missouri. If the water from a spring cant flow downhill, it may spread out to form a pond or lake instead. Lake George in New York State, which is pictured in Figure 13.15, is a spring-fed lake. [SEP] it may spread out to form a pond or lake instead .
One of the biggest aquifers in the world is the Ogallala aquifer. As you can see from Figure 13.13, this aquifer lies beneath parts of eight U.S. states. It covers a total area of 451,000 square kilometers (174,000 square miles). [SEP] you can see from Figure 13.13 , this aquifer lies beneath parts of eight U.S. states .
One of the biggest aquifers in the world is the Ogallala aquifer. As you can see from Figure 13.13, this aquifer lies beneath parts of eight U.S. states. It covers a total area of 451,000 square kilometers (174,000 square miles). [SEP] One of the biggest aquifers in the world is the Ogallala aquifer .
The water table may lower and the aquifer may even run dry. If this happens, the ground above the aquifer may sink. This is likely to damage any homes or other structures built above the aquifer. [SEP] this happens
The water table may lower and the aquifer may even run dry. If this happens, the ground above the aquifer may sink. This is likely to damage any homes or other structures built above the aquifer. [SEP] the ground above the aquifer may sink .
 Water infiltrates the ground because soil and rock are porous. Between the grains are pores, or tiny holes. [SEP] soil and rock are porous .
 Water infiltrates the ground because soil and rock are porous. Between the grains are pores, or tiny holes. [SEP] Water infiltrates the ground
Between the grains are pores, or tiny holes. Since water can move through this rock it is permeable. Eventually, the water reaches a layer of rock that is not porous and so is impermeable. [SEP] water can move through this rock it is permeable .
Between the grains are pores, or tiny holes. Since water can move through this rock it is permeable. Eventually, the water reaches a layer of rock that is not porous and so is impermeable. [SEP] Between the grains are pores , or tiny holes .
Since water can move through this rock it is permeable. Eventually, the water reaches a layer of rock that is not porous and so is impermeable. Water stops moving downward when it reaches this layer of rock. [SEP] Eventually , the water reaches a layer of rock that is not porous
Since water can move through this rock it is permeable. Eventually, the water reaches a layer of rock that is not porous and so is impermeable. Water stops moving downward when it reaches this layer of rock. [SEP] is impermeable .
The water in this layer has nowhere else to go. It cannot seep any deeper into the ground because the rock below it is impermeable.  [SEP] the rock below it is impermeable .
The water in this layer has nowhere else to go. It cannot seep any deeper into the ground because the rock below it is impermeable.  [SEP] It can not seep any deeper into the ground
Earths crust consists of many tectonic plates that move over time. Due to plate tectonics, the continents changed their shapes and positions during Earth history. As the continents changed, so did the oceans. [SEP] plate tectonics
Earths crust consists of many tectonic plates that move over time. Due to plate tectonics, the continents changed their shapes and positions during Earth history. As the continents changed, so did the oceans. [SEP] the continents changed their shapes and positions during Earth history .
Due to plate tectonics, the continents changed their shapes and positions during Earth history. As the continents changed, so did the oceans. About 250 million years ago, there was one huge land mass known as Pangaea. [SEP] As the continents changed
Due to plate tectonics, the continents changed their shapes and positions during Earth history. As the continents changed, so did the oceans. About 250 million years ago, there was one huge land mass known as Pangaea. [SEP] did the oceans .
More water vapor came from asteroids and comets that crashed into Earth. As Earth cooled still more, the water vapor condensed to make Earths first liquid water. At last, the oceans could start to form. [SEP] Earth cooled still more , the water vapor condensed to make Earths first liquid water .
More water vapor came from asteroids and comets that crashed into Earth. As Earth cooled still more, the water vapor condensed to make Earths first liquid water. At last, the oceans could start to form. [SEP] More water vapor came from asteroids and comets that crashed into Earth .
 There are three main ocean zones based on distance from shore. They are the intertidal zone, neritic zone, and oceanic zone. [SEP] distance from shore
 There are three main ocean zones based on distance from shore. They are the intertidal zone, neritic zone, and oceanic zone. [SEP] There are three main ocean zones
Most nutrients are washed into ocean water from land. Therefore, water closer to shore tends to have more nutrients. Living things need nutrients. [SEP] Most nutrients are washed into ocean water from land
Most nutrients are washed into ocean water from land. Therefore, water closer to shore tends to have more nutrients. Living things need nutrients. [SEP] water closer to shore tends to have more nutrients .
Living things need nutrients. So distance from shore also influences how many organisms live in the water.  [SEP] Living things need nutrients
Living things need nutrients. So distance from shore also influences how many organisms live in the water.  [SEP] distance from shore also influences how many organisms live in the water .
The deeper you go, the darker the water gets. Thats because sunlight cannot penetrate very far under water. Sunlight is needed for photosynthesis. [SEP] sunlight can not penetrate very far under water .
The deeper you go, the darker the water gets. Thats because sunlight cannot penetrate very far under water. Sunlight is needed for photosynthesis. [SEP] deeper you go , the darker the water gets . Thats
Sunlight is needed for photosynthesis. So the depth of water determines whether photosynthesis is possible. There is enough sunlight for photosynthesis only in the photic zone. [SEP] Sunlight is needed for photosynthesis
Sunlight is needed for photosynthesis. So the depth of water determines whether photosynthesis is possible. There is enough sunlight for photosynthesis only in the photic zone. [SEP] the depth of water determines whether photosynthesis is possible .
There is enough sunlight for photosynthesis only in the photic zone. Water also gets colder as you go deeper. The weight of the water pressing down from above increases as well. [SEP] you go deeper .
There is enough sunlight for photosynthesis only in the photic zone. Water also gets colder as you go deeper. The weight of the water pressing down from above increases as well. [SEP] Water also gets colder
At great depths, life becomes very difficult. The pressure is so great that only specially adapted creatures can live there.  [SEP] The pressure is so great
At great depths, life becomes very difficult. The pressure is so great that only specially adapted creatures can live there.  [SEP] only specially adapted creatures can live there .
Have you ever gone swimming in the ocean? If you have, then you probably tasted the salts in the water. By mass, salts make up about 3.5 percent of ocean water. [SEP] you have
Have you ever gone swimming in the ocean? If you have, then you probably tasted the salts in the water. By mass, salts make up about 3.5 percent of ocean water. [SEP] then you probably tasted the salts in the water .
For example, near the mouth of a river, ocean water may be less salty. Thats because river water contains less salt than ocean water. Where the ocean is warm, the water may be more salty. [SEP] river water contains less salt than ocean water .
For example, near the mouth of a river, ocean water may be less salty. Thats because river water contains less salt than ocean water. Where the ocean is warm, the water may be more salty. [SEP] example , near the mouth of a river , ocean water may be less salty . Thats
These conditions depend mainly on two factors: distance from shore and depth of water. Oceans are divided into zones based on these two factors. The ocean floor makes up another zone. [SEP] these two factors
These conditions depend mainly on two factors: distance from shore and depth of water. Oceans are divided into zones based on these two factors. The ocean floor makes up another zone. [SEP] Oceans are divided into zones
 Ocean water is salty because water dissolves minerals out of rocks. This happens whenever water flows over or through rocks. [SEP] water dissolves minerals out of rocks .
 Ocean water is salty because water dissolves minerals out of rocks. This happens whenever water flows over or through rocks. [SEP] Ocean water is salty
When the water evaporates, it leaves the salts behind. As a result, ocean water is much saltier than other water on Earth.  [SEP] When the water evaporates , it leaves the salts behind
When the water evaporates, it leaves the salts behind. As a result, ocean water is much saltier than other water on Earth.  [SEP] ocean water is much saltier than other water on Earth .
They are warmer in the winter and cooler in the summer. Thats because land near an ocean is influenced by the temperature of the oceans. The temperature of ocean water is moderate and stable. [SEP] land near an ocean is influenced by the temperature of the oceans .
They are warmer in the winter and cooler in the summer. Thats because land near an ocean is influenced by the temperature of the oceans. The temperature of ocean water is moderate and stable. [SEP] are warmer in the winter and cooler in the summer . Thats
Water is much slower to warm up and cool down than land. As a result, oceans never get as hot or as cold as land. 2. [SEP] Water is much slower to warm up and cool down than land
Water is much slower to warm up and cool down than land. As a result, oceans never get as hot or as cold as land. 2. [SEP] oceans never get as hot or as cold as land .
The mixing of warm and cold water makes the water temperature moderate. Even inland temperatures are milder because of oceans. Without oceans, there would be much bigger temperature swings all over Earth. [SEP] Even inland temperatures are milder
The mixing of warm and cold water makes the water temperature moderate. Even inland temperatures are milder because of oceans. Without oceans, there would be much bigger temperature swings all over Earth. [SEP] . Without oceans , there would be much bigger temperature swings all over Earth
Sunlight heats water near the sea surface, as shown in Figure 14.3. As the water warms, some of it evaporates. The water vapor rises into the air, where it may form clouds and precipitation. [SEP] the water warms , some of it evaporates .
Sunlight heats water near the sea surface, as shown in Figure 14.3. As the water warms, some of it evaporates. The water vapor rises into the air, where it may form clouds and precipitation. [SEP] Sunlight heats water near the sea surface , as shown in Figure 14.3 .
Carbon dioxide is a major cause of global warming. By absorbing carbon dioxide, the oceans help control global warming.  [SEP] absorbing carbon dioxide
Carbon dioxide is a major cause of global warming. By absorbing carbon dioxide, the oceans help control global warming.  [SEP] , the oceans help control global warming .
The salt is left behind in the seawater. This cold, salty water is very dense, so it sinks to the bottom of the North Atlantic. Downwelling can take place in other places where surface water becomes very dense (see Figure 14.17). [SEP] This cold , salty water is very dense
The salt is left behind in the seawater. This cold, salty water is very dense, so it sinks to the bottom of the North Atlantic. Downwelling can take place in other places where surface water becomes very dense (see Figure 14.17). [SEP] it sinks to the bottom of the North Atlantic .
When water comes up from the deep, it brings a lot of nutrients with it. Why is deep water so full of nutrients? Over time, dead organisms and other organic matter settle to the bottom water and collect. [SEP] Why is deep water
When water comes up from the deep, it brings a lot of nutrients with it. Why is deep water so full of nutrients? Over time, dead organisms and other organic matter settle to the bottom water and collect. [SEP] full of nutrients ? Over time , dead organisms and other organic matter settle to the bottom water and collect
Over time, dead organisms and other organic matter settle to the bottom water and collect. The nutrient-rich water that comes to the surface by upwelling supports many living things.  [SEP] upwelling
Over time, dead organisms and other organic matter settle to the bottom water and collect. The nutrient-rich water that comes to the surface by upwelling supports many living things.  [SEP] supports many living things .
Winds and surface currents tend to move from the hot equator north or south toward the much cooler poles. Thats because of differences in the temperature of air masses over Earths surface. But Earth is spinning on its axis underneath the wind and water as they move. [SEP] and surface currents tend to move from the hot equator north or south toward the much cooler poles . Thats
Winds and surface currents tend to move from the hot equator north or south toward the much cooler poles. Thats because of differences in the temperature of air masses over Earths surface. But Earth is spinning on its axis underneath the wind and water as they move. [SEP] surface .
Thats because of differences in the temperature of air masses over Earths surface. But Earth is spinning on its axis underneath the wind and water as they move. The Earth rotates from west to east. [SEP] they move .
Thats because of differences in the temperature of air masses over Earths surface. But Earth is spinning on its axis underneath the wind and water as they move. The Earth rotates from west to east. [SEP] But Earth is spinning on its axis underneath the wind and water
The Earth rotates from west to east. As a result, winds and currents actually end up moving toward the northeast or southeast. This effect of Earths rotation on the direction of winds and currents is called the Coriolis effect. [SEP] The Earth rotates from west to east
The Earth rotates from west to east. As a result, winds and currents actually end up moving toward the northeast or southeast. This effect of Earths rotation on the direction of winds and currents is called the Coriolis effect. [SEP] winds and currents actually end up moving toward the northeast or southeast .
Although the gravity pulls the land, only the water can move. As a result: Water on the side of Earth facing the Moon is pulled hardest by the Moons gravity. This causes a bulge of water on that side of Earth. [SEP] Although the gravity pulls the land , only the water can move
Although the gravity pulls the land, only the water can move. As a result: Water on the side of Earth facing the Moon is pulled hardest by the Moons gravity. This causes a bulge of water on that side of Earth. [SEP] : Water on the side of Earth facing the Moon is pulled hardest by the Moons gravity .
Earth itself is pulled harder by the Moons gravity than is the ocean on the side of Earth opposite the Moon. As a result, there is bulge of water on the opposite side of Earth. This creates another high tide. [SEP] itself is pulled harder by the Moons gravity than is the ocean on the side of Earth opposite the Moon . As
Earth itself is pulled harder by the Moons gravity than is the ocean on the side of Earth opposite the Moon. As a result, there is bulge of water on the opposite side of Earth. This creates another high tide. [SEP] bulge of water on the opposite side of Earth
In most places the water level rises and falls twice a day. So there are two high tides and two low tides approximately every 24 hours. In Figure 14.12, you can see the difference between high and low tides. [SEP] In most places the water level rises and falls twice a day
In most places the water level rises and falls twice a day. So there are two high tides and two low tides approximately every 24 hours. In Figure 14.12, you can see the difference between high and low tides. [SEP] there are two high tides and two low tides approximately every 24 hours .
The Suns gravity also pulls on Earth and its oceans. Even though the Sun is much larger than the Moon, the pull of the Suns gravity is much less because the Sun is much farther away. The Suns gravity strengthens or weakens the Moons influence on tides. [SEP] the Sun is much farther away .
The Suns gravity also pulls on Earth and its oceans. Even though the Sun is much larger than the Moon, the pull of the Suns gravity is much less because the Sun is much farther away. The Suns gravity strengthens or weakens the Moons influence on tides. [SEP] Even though the Sun is much larger than the Moon , the pull of the Suns gravity is much less
The Moon and Sun are at right angles to each other. Their gravity pulls on the oceans in different directions so the highs and lows are not as great. Neap tides have the smallest tidal range. [SEP] Their gravity pulls on the oceans in different directions
The Moon and Sun are at right angles to each other. Their gravity pulls on the oceans in different directions so the highs and lows are not as great. Neap tides have the smallest tidal range. [SEP] the highs and lows are not as great .
A tsunami is a wave or set of waves that is usually caused by an earthquake. As we have seen in recent years, the waves can be enormous and extremely destructive. Usually tsunami waves travel through the ocean unnoticed. [SEP] we have seen in recent years , the waves can be enormous and extremely destructive .
A tsunami is a wave or set of waves that is usually caused by an earthquake. As we have seen in recent years, the waves can be enormous and extremely destructive. Usually tsunami waves travel through the ocean unnoticed. [SEP] A tsunami is a wave or set of waves that is usually caused by an earthquake .
Figure 14.10 shows what happens to waves near shore. As waves move into shallow water, they start to touch the bottom. The base of the waves drag and slow. [SEP] waves move into shallow water , they start to touch the bottom .
Figure 14.10 shows what happens to waves near shore. As waves move into shallow water, they start to touch the bottom. The base of the waves drag and slow. [SEP] Figure 14.10 shows what happens to waves near shore .
People can stay underwater for up to 9 hours. Alvin has been essential for developing a scientific understanding the worlds oceans. Today, remote-control vehicles, called remotely operated vehicles (ROVs) go to the deepest ocean floor. [SEP] developing a scientific understanding the worlds oceans
People can stay underwater for up to 9 hours. Alvin has been essential for developing a scientific understanding the worlds oceans. Today, remote-control vehicles, called remotely operated vehicles (ROVs) go to the deepest ocean floor. [SEP] Alvin has been essential
Did you ever shout and hear an echo? If you did, thats because the sound waves bounced off a hard surface and back to you. The same principle explains how sonar works. [SEP] the sound waves bounced off a hard surface and back to you .
Did you ever shout and hear an echo? If you did, thats because the sound waves bounced off a hard surface and back to you. The same principle explains how sonar works. [SEP] did , thats
Sound waves travel through water at a known speed. Once scientists know the travel time of the wave, they can calculate the distance to the ocean floor. They can then combine all of these distances to make a map of the ocean floor. [SEP] scientists know the travel time of the wave
Sound waves travel through water at a known speed. Once scientists know the travel time of the wave, they can calculate the distance to the ocean floor. They can then combine all of these distances to make a map of the ocean floor. [SEP] they can calculate the distance to the ocean floor .
They contain manganese, iron, copper, and other useful minerals. As many as 500 billion tons of nodules lie on the ocean floor! However, mining them would be very costly and could be harmful to the ocean environment. [SEP] many as 500 billion tons of nodules lie
They contain manganese, iron, copper, and other useful minerals. As many as 500 billion tons of nodules lie on the ocean floor! However, mining them would be very costly and could be harmful to the ocean environment. [SEP] They contain manganese , iron , copper , and other useful minerals .
The bacteria that make food from chemicals are also primary producers. These organisms do not do photosynthesis since there is no light at the vents. They do something called chemosynthesis. [SEP] there is no light at the vents .
The bacteria that make food from chemicals are also primary producers. These organisms do not do photosynthesis since there is no light at the vents. They do something called chemosynthesis. [SEP] These organisms do not do photosynthesis
Air near the ground is warmed by heat radiating from Earths surface. The warm air is less dense, so it rises. As it rises, it cools. [SEP] The warm air is less dense
Air near the ground is warmed by heat radiating from Earths surface. The warm air is less dense, so it rises. As it rises, it cools. [SEP] it rises .
The warm air is less dense, so it rises. As it rises, it cools. The cool air is dense, so it sinks to the surface. [SEP] it rises , it cools .
The warm air is less dense, so it rises. As it rises, it cools. The cool air is dense, so it sinks to the surface. [SEP] it rises .
As it rises, it cools. The cool air is dense, so it sinks to the surface. This creates a convection current, like the one in Figure 15.9. [SEP] The cool air is dense
As it rises, it cools. The cool air is dense, so it sinks to the surface. This creates a convection current, like the one in Figure 15.9. [SEP] it sinks to the surface .
The answer can be summed up in one word: energy. Energy is defined as the ability to do work. Doing anything takes energy. [SEP] the ability to do work .
The answer can be summed up in one word: energy. Energy is defined as the ability to do work. Doing anything takes energy. [SEP] Energy is defined
The molecules absorb the Suns energy and are heated up. But there are so very few gas molecules, that the air still feels very cold. Molecules in the thermosphere gain or lose electrons. [SEP] But there are so very
The molecules absorb the Suns energy and are heated up. But there are so very few gas molecules, that the air still feels very cold. Molecules in the thermosphere gain or lose electrons. [SEP] the air still feels very cold .
Gas molecules are very far apart in this layer, but they are really hot. Earths gravity is so weak in the exosphere that gas molecules sometimes just float off into space.  [SEP] Earths gravity is so weak
Gas molecules are very far apart in this layer, but they are really hot. Earths gravity is so weak in the exosphere that gas molecules sometimes just float off into space.  [SEP] gas molecules sometimes just float off into space .
Did you ever see a meteor shower, like the one in Figure 15.15? Meteors burn as they fall through the mesosphere. The space rocks experience friction with the gas molecules. [SEP] they fall through the mesosphere .
Did you ever see a meteor shower, like the one in Figure 15.15? Meteors burn as they fall through the mesosphere. The space rocks experience friction with the gas molecules. [SEP] Meteors burn
The stratosphere gets most of its heat from the Sun. Therefore, its warmer closer to the Sun. The air at the bottom of the stratosphere is cold. [SEP] The stratosphere gets most of its heat from the Sun
The stratosphere gets most of its heat from the Sun. Therefore, its warmer closer to the Sun. The air at the bottom of the stratosphere is cold. [SEP] its warmer closer to the Sun .
The air at the bottom of the stratosphere is cold. The cold air is dense, so it doesnt rise. As a result, there is little mixing of air in this layer. [SEP] The cold air is dense
The air at the bottom of the stratosphere is cold. The cold air is dense, so it doesnt rise. As a result, there is little mixing of air in this layer. [SEP] it doesnt rise .
The cold air is dense, so it doesnt rise. As a result, there is little mixing of air in this layer.  [SEP] cold air is dense , so it doesnt rise
The cold air is dense, so it doesnt rise. As a result, there is little mixing of air in this layer.  [SEP] there is little mixing of air in this layer .
The ozone layer absorbs high-energy UV radiation. As you can see in Figure 15.14, UV radiation splits the ozone molecule. The split creates an oxygen molecule (O2 ) and an oxygen atom (O). [SEP] you can see in Figure 15.14 , UV radiation splits the ozone molecule .
The ozone layer absorbs high-energy UV radiation. As you can see in Figure 15.14, UV radiation splits the ozone molecule. The split creates an oxygen molecule (O2 ) and an oxygen atom (O). [SEP] The ozone layer absorbs high-energy UV radiation .
This split releases heat that warms the stratosphere. By absorbing UV radiation, ozone also protects Earths surface. UV radiation would harm living things without the ozone layer. [SEP] absorbing UV radiation
This split releases heat that warms the stratosphere. By absorbing UV radiation, ozone also protects Earths surface. UV radiation would harm living things without the ozone layer. [SEP] , ozone also protects Earths surface .
Air in the troposphere is warmer closer to Earths surface. Warm air is less dense than cool air, so it rises higher in the troposphere. This starts a convection cell. [SEP] Warm air is less dense than cool air
Air in the troposphere is warmer closer to Earths surface. Warm air is less dense than cool air, so it rises higher in the troposphere. This starts a convection cell. [SEP] it rises higher in the troposphere .
It rises to only about 12 kilometers (7 miles) above the surface. Even so, this layer holds 75 percent of all the gas molecules in the atmosphere. Thats because the air is densest in this layer. [SEP] rises to only about 12 kilometers -LRB- 7 miles -RRB- above the surface . Even
It rises to only about 12 kilometers (7 miles) above the surface. Even so, this layer holds 75 percent of all the gas molecules in the atmosphere. Thats because the air is densest in this layer. [SEP] this layer holds 75 percent of all the gas molecules in the atmosphere .
Even so, this layer holds 75 percent of all the gas molecules in the atmosphere. Thats because the air is densest in this layer.  [SEP] the air is densest in this layer .
Even so, this layer holds 75 percent of all the gas molecules in the atmosphere. Thats because the air is densest in this layer.  [SEP] so , this layer holds 75 percent of all the gas molecules in the atmosphere . Thats
This happens when air is cooler close to the ground than it is above. The cool air is dense, so it stays near the ground. This is called a temperature inversion. [SEP] The cool air is dense
This happens when air is cooler close to the ground than it is above. The cool air is dense, so it stays near the ground. This is called a temperature inversion. [SEP] it stays near the ground .
You can see this in Figure 15.12. Refer to this figure as you read about the layers below.  [SEP] you read about the layers below .
You can see this in Figure 15.12. Refer to this figure as you read about the layers below.  [SEP] You can see this in Figure 15.12 . Refer to this figure
The summers are very cool, and the winters are frigid. Precipitation is very low because its so cold. You can see examples of polar climates in Figure 17.14. [SEP] Precipitation is very low because its
The summers are very cool, and the winters are frigid. Precipitation is very low because its so cold. You can see examples of polar climates in Figure 17.14. [SEP] cold .
They are also called highland climates. These regions are very cold because they are so far above sea level. The alpine tundra climate is very similar to the polar tundra climate. [SEP] they are so far above sea level .
They are also called highland climates. These regions are very cold because they are so far above sea level. The alpine tundra climate is very similar to the polar tundra climate. [SEP] These regions are very cold
What little snow falls usually stays on the ground. It doesnt melt because its too cold.  [SEP] its too cold .
What little snow falls usually stays on the ground. It doesnt melt because its too cold.  [SEP] It doesnt melt
Steppes occur at higher latitudes than deserts. They are dry because they are in continental interiors or rain shadows.  [SEP] they are in continental interiors or rain shadows .
Steppes occur at higher latitudes than deserts. They are dry because they are in continental interiors or rain shadows.  [SEP] They are dry
 Major climate types are based on temperature and precipitation. These two factors determine what types of plants can grow in an area. [SEP] temperature and precipitation
 Major climate types are based on temperature and precipitation. These two factors determine what types of plants can grow in an area. [SEP] Major climate types
Animals and other living things depend on plants. So each climate is associated with certain types of living things. A major type of climate and its living things make up a biome. [SEP] Animals and other living things depend on plants
Animals and other living things depend on plants. So each climate is associated with certain types of living things. A major type of climate and its living things make up a biome. [SEP] each climate is associated with certain types of living things .
A major type of climate and its living things make up a biome. As you read about the major climate types below, find them on the map in Figure 17.9.  [SEP] you read about the major climate types below , find them on the map in Figure 17.9 .
A major type of climate and its living things make up a biome. As you read about the major climate types below, find them on the map in Figure 17.9.  [SEP] A major type of climate and its living things make up a biome .
Tropical climates are found around the equator. As youd expect, these climates have warm temperatures year round. Tropical climates may be very wet or wet and dry. [SEP] youd expect , these climates have warm temperatures year round .
Tropical climates are found around the equator. As youd expect, these climates have warm temperatures year round. Tropical climates may be very wet or wet and dry. [SEP] Tropical climates are found around the equator .
The rest of the year is dry. Few trees can withstand the long dry season, so the main plants are grasses (see Figure 17.10).  [SEP] Few trees can withstand the long dry season
The rest of the year is dry. Few trees can withstand the long dry season, so the main plants are grasses (see Figure 17.10).  [SEP] the main plants are grasses -LRB- see Figure 17.10
This gives the south side a warmer microclimate. A microclimate can be due to a place being deeper. Since cold air sinks, a depression in the land can be a lot colder than the land around it. [SEP] a place being deeper
This gives the south side a warmer microclimate. A microclimate can be due to a place being deeper. Since cold air sinks, a depression in the land can be a lot colder than the land around it. [SEP] A microclimate can be
A microclimate can be due to a place being deeper. Since cold air sinks, a depression in the land can be a lot colder than the land around it.  [SEP] cold air sinks , a depression in the land can be a lot colder than the land around it .
A microclimate can be due to a place being deeper. Since cold air sinks, a depression in the land can be a lot colder than the land around it.  [SEP] A microclimate can be due to a place being deeper .
As temperature rises, more sea ice will melt. Figure 17.23 shows how much less sea ice there may be in 2050 if temperatures keep going up. This would cause sea level to rise even higher. [SEP] temperatures keep going up .
As temperature rises, more sea ice will melt. Figure 17.23 shows how much less sea ice there may be in 2050 if temperatures keep going up. This would cause sea level to rise even higher. [SEP] Figure 17.23 shows how much less sea ice there may be in 2050
But each time, the anomaly (the difference from average temperature) was less than 1 C (1.8 F). Since the mid 1800s, Earth has warmed up quickly. Look at Figure 17.19. [SEP] the mid 1800s , Earth has warmed up quickly .
But each time, the anomaly (the difference from average temperature) was less than 1 C (1.8 F). Since the mid 1800s, Earth has warmed up quickly. Look at Figure 17.19. [SEP] , the anomaly -LRB- the difference from average temperature -RRB- was less than 1 C -LRB- 1.8 F -RRB- .
Look at Figure 17.19. The 14 hottest years on record have all occurred since 1900. Eight of them have occurred since 1998! [SEP] 1900 . Eight of them have occurred since 1998
Look at Figure 17.19. The 14 hottest years on record have all occurred since 1900. Eight of them have occurred since 1998! [SEP] on record have all occurred
The 14 hottest years on record have all occurred since 1900. Eight of them have occurred since 1998! This is what is usually meant by global warming. [SEP] 1998 ! This is what is usually meant by global warming
The 14 hottest years on record have all occurred since 1900. Eight of them have occurred since 1998! This is what is usually meant by global warming. [SEP] Eight of them have occurred
Its one of several that human activities add to the atmosphere. An increase in greenhouse gases leads to greater greenhouse effect. The result is increased global warming. [SEP] An increase in greenhouse gases
Its one of several that human activities add to the atmosphere. An increase in greenhouse gases leads to greater greenhouse effect. The result is increased global warming. [SEP] greater greenhouse effect
Plate movements trigger volcanoes. A huge eruption could spew so much gas and ash into the air that little sunlight would reach the surface for months or years. This could lower Earths temperature. [SEP] A huge eruption could spew so much
Plate movements trigger volcanoes. A huge eruption could spew so much gas and ash into the air that little sunlight would reach the surface for months or years. This could lower Earths temperature. [SEP] little sunlight would reach the surface for months or years .
You can see a lump of carbon in Figure 18.10. Carbon is incredibly important because of what it makes when it combines with many other elements. Carbon can form a wide variety of substances. [SEP] of what it makes when it combines with many other
You can see a lump of carbon in Figure 18.10. Carbon is incredibly important because of what it makes when it combines with many other elements. Carbon can form a wide variety of substances. [SEP] Carbon is incredibly important
Burning wood releases more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. You can see how a tropical rainforest was cleared for farming in Figure 18.12. With forests shrinking, there are fewer trees to remove carbon dioxide from the air. [SEP] farming in Figure 18.12
Burning wood releases more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. You can see how a tropical rainforest was cleared for farming in Figure 18.12. With forests shrinking, there are fewer trees to remove carbon dioxide from the air. [SEP] You can see how a tropical rainforest was cleared
Adding fertilizer to soil allows more plants to grow. As a result, a given amount of land can produce more food. So far, so good. [SEP] Adding fertilizer to soil allows more plants to grow
Adding fertilizer to soil allows more plants to grow. As a result, a given amount of land can produce more food. So far, so good. [SEP] a given amount of land can produce more food .
The nitrogen is a fertilizer in the water bodies. Since there is a lot of nitrogen it causes algae to grow out of control. Figure 18.14 shows a pond covered with algae. [SEP] there is a lot of nitrogen it causes algae to grow out of control .
The nitrogen is a fertilizer in the water bodies. Since there is a lot of nitrogen it causes algae to grow out of control. Figure 18.14 shows a pond covered with algae. [SEP] The nitrogen is a fertilizer in the water bodies .
Figure 18.14 shows a pond covered with algae. Algae may use up so much oxygen in the water that nothing else can grow. Soon, even the algae die out. [SEP] Algae may use up so much
Figure 18.14 shows a pond covered with algae. Algae may use up so much oxygen in the water that nothing else can grow. Soon, even the algae die out. [SEP] nothing else can grow .
This creates a dead zone. A dead zone is an area in a body of water where nothing grows because there is too little oxygen. There is a large dead zone in the Gulf of Mexico. [SEP] there is too little oxygen .
This creates a dead zone. A dead zone is an area in a body of water where nothing grows because there is too little oxygen. There is a large dead zone in the Gulf of Mexico. [SEP] A dead zone is an area in a body of water where nothing grows
 In the carbon cycle, carbon moves through living and nonliving things. Carbon actually moves through two cycles that overlap. [SEP] living and nonliving things
 In the carbon cycle, carbon moves through living and nonliving things. Carbon actually moves through two cycles that overlap. [SEP] In the carbon cycle , carbon moves
 More recently, the death rate has fallen because of the availability of more food and medical advances: A green revolution began in the mid 1900s. New methods and products increased how much food could be grown. [SEP] More recently , the death rate has fallen
 More recently, the death rate has fallen because of the availability of more food and medical advances: A green revolution began in the mid 1900s. New methods and products increased how much food could be grown. [SEP] : A green revolution began in the mid 1900s .
But some people think there are too many of us already. Thats because we are harming the environment. Supplying all those people with energy creates a lot of pollution. [SEP] we are harming the environment .
But some people think there are too many of us already. Thats because we are harming the environment. Supplying all those people with energy creates a lot of pollution. [SEP] But some people think there are too many of us already . Thats
Wetlands have a great diversity of species. As wetlands shrink, species go extinct. People have allowed alien or invasive species - species originally from a different area - to invade new habitats. [SEP] wetlands shrink , species go extinct .
Wetlands have a great diversity of species. As wetlands shrink, species go extinct. People have allowed alien or invasive species - species originally from a different area - to invade new habitats. [SEP] Wetlands have a great diversity of species .
d = death rate (number of deaths in 1 year per 100 population members) If the birth rate is greater than the death rate, r is positive. This means that the population is growing bigger. [SEP] the birth rate is greater than the death rate
d = death rate (number of deaths in 1 year per 100 population members) If the birth rate is greater than the death rate, r is positive. This means that the population is growing bigger. [SEP] r is positive .
A population growing at this rate would double in size in just 35 years! If the birth rate is less than the death rate, r is negative. This means that the population is becoming smaller. [SEP] the birth rate is less than the death rate
A population growing at this rate would double in size in just 35 years! If the birth rate is less than the death rate, r is negative. This means that the population is becoming smaller. [SEP] r is negative .
In these places, the human population grew faster. While there had always been a lot of births, the population grew because the death rate fell. It fell for several reasons: 1. [SEP] the death rate fell .
In these places, the human population grew faster. While there had always been a lot of births, the population grew because the death rate fell. It fell for several reasons: 1. [SEP] While there had always been a lot of births , the population grew
While there had always been a lot of births, the population grew because the death rate fell. It fell for several reasons: 1. New farm machines were invented. [SEP] 1 . New farm machines were invented
While there had always been a lot of births, the population grew because the death rate fell. It fell for several reasons: 1. New farm machines were invented. [SEP] It fell
More children lived long enough to reach adulthood and have children of their own. As the death rate fell, the birth rate stayed high for a while. This caused rapid population growth. [SEP] the death rate fell , the birth rate stayed high for a while .
More children lived long enough to reach adulthood and have children of their own. As the death rate fell, the birth rate stayed high for a while. This caused rapid population growth. [SEP] More children lived long enough to reach adulthood and have children of their own .
This caused rapid population growth. However, the birth rate in these countries has since fallen to a rate close to that of the low death rate. The result was slow population growth once again. [SEP] fallen to a rate close to that of the low death rate .
This caused rapid population growth. However, the birth rate in these countries has since fallen to a rate close to that of the low death rate. The result was slow population growth once again. [SEP] rate in these countries has
Reduce the amount of hazardous products you buy. For example, if you only need a quart of paint for a job, dont buy a gallon. 2. [SEP] you only need a quart of paint for a job
Reduce the amount of hazardous products you buy. For example, if you only need a quart of paint for a job, dont buy a gallon. 2. [SEP] dont buy a gallon .
3. Reuse products if its safe to do so. For example, paint thinner that has been used to clean paint brushes can be strained and reused. [SEP] Reuse products if its safe to do
3. Reuse products if its safe to do so. For example, paint thinner that has been used to clean paint brushes can be strained and reused. [SEP] . For example , paint thinner that has been used to clean paint brushes can be strained and reused
Follow the instructions to protect yourself and the environment. Most communities have centers for disposing of household hazardous waste (see Figure 19.11). Do you know how to dispose of hazardous waste in your community? [SEP] disposing of household hazardous waste -LRB- see Figure 19.11 -RRB-
Follow the instructions to protect yourself and the environment. Most communities have centers for disposing of household hazardous waste (see Figure 19.11). Do you know how to dispose of hazardous waste in your community? [SEP] Most communities have centers
Love Canal opened peoples eyes to toxic waste burial. They realized there must be other Love Canals all over the country. Thousands of contaminated sites were found. [SEP] They
Love Canal opened peoples eyes to toxic waste burial. They realized there must be other Love Canals all over the country. Thousands of contaminated sites were found. [SEP] there must be other Love Canals all over the country .
Hazardous waste is any waste that is dangerous to the health of people or the environment. It may be dangerous because it is toxic, corrosive, flammable, or explosive. Toxic waste is poisonous. [SEP] it is toxic , corrosive , flammable , or explosive .
Hazardous waste is any waste that is dangerous to the health of people or the environment. It may be dangerous because it is toxic, corrosive, flammable, or explosive. Toxic waste is poisonous. [SEP] It may be dangerous
Explosive waste is likely to explode. The risk of explosion may be greater if the waste is mixed with other substances. Table 19.1 shows some examples of hazardous waste. [SEP] the waste is mixed with other substances .
Explosive waste is likely to explode. The risk of explosion may be greater if the waste is mixed with other substances. Table 19.1 shows some examples of hazardous waste. [SEP] The risk of explosion may be greater
The school and hundreds of homes were also built over the old canal. As it turned out, the cheap price was no bargain. Chemicals started leaking from the barrels. [SEP] it turned out , the cheap price was no bargain .
The school and hundreds of homes were also built over the old canal. As it turned out, the cheap price was no bargain. Chemicals started leaking from the barrels. [SEP] The school and hundreds of homes were also built over the old canal .
Many got sick, especially the children. Residents wanted to know if the old chemicals were the cause. But they had a hard time getting officials to listen. [SEP] the old chemicals were the cause .
Many got sick, especially the children. Residents wanted to know if the old chemicals were the cause. But they had a hard time getting officials to listen. [SEP] Residents wanted to know
But they had a hard time getting officials to listen. So they demonstrated and demanded answers. Finally, the soil was tested and was found to be contaminated with harmful chemicals. [SEP] But they had a hard time getting officials to listen
But they had a hard time getting officials to listen. So they demonstrated and demanded answers. Finally, the soil was tested and was found to be contaminated with harmful chemicals. [SEP] they demonstrated and demanded answers .
The continental rise ends at the Besides seamounts, there are long, very tall (about 2 km) mountain ranges. These ranges are connected so that they form huge ridge systems called mid-ocean ridges (Figure 2.11). The mid-ocean ridges form from volcanic eruptions. [SEP] These ranges are connected
The continental rise ends at the Besides seamounts, there are long, very tall (about 2 km) mountain ranges. These ranges are connected so that they form huge ridge systems called mid-ocean ridges (Figure 2.11). The mid-ocean ridges form from volcanic eruptions. [SEP] they form huge ridge systems called mid-ocean ridges -LRB- Figure 2.11 -RRB- .
 If you take away the water in the oceans (Figure 2.6), Earth looks really different. You see that the surface has two main features: continents and ocean basins. [SEP] you take away the water in the oceans -LRB- Figure 2.6 -RRB-
 If you take away the water in the oceans (Figure 2.6), Earth looks really different. You see that the surface has two main features: continents and ocean basins. [SEP] Earth looks really different .
Ocean basins are only millions of years old at their oldest. Because the continents are so old, a lot has happened to them! As we view the land around us we see landforms. [SEP] Because the continents are
Ocean basins are only millions of years old at their oldest. Because the continents are so old, a lot has happened to them! As we view the land around us we see landforms. [SEP] old , a lot has happened to them !
Because the continents are so old, a lot has happened to them! As we view the land around us we see landforms. Landforms are physical features on Earths surface. [SEP] we view the land around us we see landforms .
Because the continents are so old, a lot has happened to them! As we view the land around us we see landforms. Landforms are physical features on Earths surface. [SEP] Because the continents are so old , a lot has happened to them !
For example, mountain ranges like the Sierra Nevada in California or the Andes in South America are high above the surrounding areas. We can describe the topography of a region by measuring the height or depth of that feature relative to sea level (Figure mountains, while others are more like small hills! Relief, or terrain, includes all the landforms of a region. [SEP] measuring the height or depth of that feature relative to sea level -LRB- Figure mountains , while others are more like small hills
For example, mountain ranges like the Sierra Nevada in California or the Andes in South America are high above the surrounding areas. We can describe the topography of a region by measuring the height or depth of that feature relative to sea level (Figure mountains, while others are more like small hills! Relief, or terrain, includes all the landforms of a region. [SEP] We can describe the topography of a region
We also need to know direction. Direction is important for describing moving objects. For example, a wind blows a storm over your school. [SEP] describing moving objects
We also need to know direction. Direction is important for describing moving objects. For example, a wind blows a storm over your school. [SEP] Direction is important
Where is it going? The most common way to describe direction is by using a compass. A compass is a device with a floating needle (Figure 2.1). [SEP] using a compass
Where is it going? The most common way to describe direction is by using a compass. A compass is a device with a floating needle (Figure 2.1). [SEP] The most common way to describe direction is
The compass needle always points to magnetic north. If you have a compass and you find north, you can then know any other direction. See the directions, such as east, south, west, etc., on a compass rose. [SEP] you have a compass and
The compass needle always points to magnetic north. If you have a compass and you find north, you can then know any other direction. See the directions, such as east, south, west, etc., on a compass rose. [SEP] you can then know any other direction .
Or you could use a point of reference. If you want to meet up with a friend, you could tell him the distance and direction you are from the reference point. An example is, I am at the corner of Maple Street and Main Street, about two blocks north of your apartment. [SEP] you want to meet up with a friend
Or you could use a point of reference. If you want to meet up with a friend, you could tell him the distance and direction you are from the reference point. An example is, I am at the corner of Maple Street and Main Street, about two blocks north of your apartment. [SEP] you could tell him the distance and direction you are from the reference point .
 Earth is a sphere and so is a globe. A globe is the best way to make a map of the whole Earth. [SEP] Earth is a sphere
 Earth is a sphere and so is a globe. A globe is the best way to make a map of the whole Earth. [SEP] is a globe .
A globe is the best way to make a map of the whole Earth. Because both the planet and a globe have curved surfaces, the sizes and shapes of countries are not distorted. Distances are true to scale. [SEP] both the planet and a globe have curved surfaces
A globe is the best way to make a map of the whole Earth. Because both the planet and a globe have curved surfaces, the sizes and shapes of countries are not distorted. Distances are true to scale. [SEP] the sizes and shapes of countries are not distorted .
The poles are the farthest points from the cylinder. If you shine a light from the inside of your model Earth out to the cylinder, the image projected onto the paper is a Mercator projection. Where does the projection represent Earth best? [SEP] you shine a light from the inside of your model Earth out to the cylinder
The poles are the farthest points from the cylinder. If you shine a light from the inside of your model Earth out to the cylinder, the image projected onto the paper is a Mercator projection. Where does the projection represent Earth best? [SEP] the image projected onto the paper is a Mercator projection .
The shapes and sizes of continents become more stretched out near the poles. Early sailors and navigators found the Mercator map useful because most explorations were located near the equator. Many world maps still use the Mercator projection. [SEP] most explorations were located near the equator .
The shapes and sizes of continents become more stretched out near the poles. Early sailors and navigators found the Mercator map useful because most explorations were located near the equator. Many world maps still use the Mercator projection. [SEP] Early sailors and navigators found the Mercator map useful
The further the feature is from the equator, the more out of shape it is stretched. For example, if you look at Greenland on a globe, you see it is a relatively small country near the North Pole. Yet, on a Mercator projection, Greenland looks almost as big the United States. [SEP] you look at Greenland on a globe
The further the feature is from the equator, the more out of shape it is stretched. For example, if you look at Greenland on a globe, you see it is a relatively small country near the North Pole. Yet, on a Mercator projection, Greenland looks almost as big the United States. [SEP] you see it is a relatively small country near the North Pole .
Yet, on a Mercator projection, Greenland looks almost as big the United States. Because Greenland is closer to the pole, the continents shape and size are greatly increased. The United States is closer to its true dimensions. [SEP] Greenland is closer to the pole
Yet, on a Mercator projection, Greenland looks almost as big the United States. Because Greenland is closer to the pole, the continents shape and size are greatly increased. The United States is closer to its true dimensions. [SEP] the continents shape and size are greatly increased .
The top of the map is north, the bottom is south, the left side is west and the right side is east. However, because it is a flat map of a curved surface, a straight line on the map is not the shortest distance between the two points it connects.  [SEP] it is a flat map of a curved surface
The top of the map is north, the bottom is south, the left side is west and the right side is east. However, because it is a flat map of a curved surface, a straight line on the map is not the shortest distance between the two points it connects.  [SEP] a straight line on the map is not the shortest distance between the two points it connects .
This grid system is called a geographic coordinate system. Using this system you can define your location by two numbers, latitude and longitude. Both numbers are angles between your location, the center of Earth, and a reference line (Figure 2.20). [SEP] Using this system
This grid system is called a geographic coordinate system. Using this system you can define your location by two numbers, latitude and longitude. Both numbers are angles between your location, the center of Earth, and a reference line (Figure 2.20). [SEP] you can define your location by two numbers , latitude and longitude .
The equator is an equal distance from both the North and South Pole. If you know your latitude, you know how far you are north or south of the equator.  [SEP] you know your latitude
The equator is an equal distance from both the North and South Pole. If you know your latitude, you know how far you are north or south of the equator.  [SEP] you know how far you are north or south of the equator .
Whatever map projection is used, maps help us find places and to be able to get from one place to another. So how do you find your location on a map?  [SEP] Whatever map projection is used , maps help us find places and to be able to get from one place to another
Whatever map projection is used, maps help us find places and to be able to get from one place to another. So how do you find your location on a map?  [SEP] how do you find your location on a
Earth is a round, three-dimensional ball. In a small area, Earth looks flat, so it is not hard to make accurate maps of a small place. When map makers want to map the round Earth on flat paper, they use projections. [SEP] In a small area , Earth looks flat
Earth is a round, three-dimensional ball. In a small area, Earth looks flat, so it is not hard to make accurate maps of a small place. When map makers want to map the round Earth on flat paper, they use projections. [SEP] it is not hard to make accurate maps of a small place .
You can easily carry a map around in your pocket or bag. Maps are easy to use because they are flat or two-dimensional. However, the world is three- [SEP] they are flat or two-dimensional .
You can easily carry a map around in your pocket or bag. Maps are easy to use because they are flat or two-dimensional. However, the world is three- [SEP] Maps are easy to use
It is the convention for north to be at the top of a map. For this reason, a compass rose is not needed on most maps. You can use this map to find your way around Florida and get from one place to another along roadways. [SEP] It is the convention for north to be at the top of a map
It is the convention for north to be at the top of a map. For this reason, a compass rose is not needed on most maps. You can use this map to find your way around Florida and get from one place to another along roadways. [SEP] a compass rose is not needed on most maps .
 If you know the latitude and longitude of a place, you can find it on a map. Simply place one finger on the latitude on the vertical axis of the map. [SEP] you know the latitude and longitude of a place
 If you know the latitude and longitude of a place, you can find it on a map. Simply place one finger on the latitude on the vertical axis of the map. [SEP] you can find it on a map .
Longitude tells you how far you are east or west from the Prime Meridian (Figure 2.21). You can remember latitude and longitude by doing jumping jacks. When your hands are above your head and your feet are together, say longitude (your body is long!). [SEP] doing jumping jacks
Longitude tells you how far you are east or west from the Prime Meridian (Figure 2.21). You can remember latitude and longitude by doing jumping jacks. When your hands are above your head and your feet are together, say longitude (your body is long!). [SEP] You can remember latitude and longitude
On the geologic map of the Grand Canyon, for example, different rock types are shown in different colors. Some people call the Grand Canyon layer cake geology because most of the rock units are in layers. Rock units show up on both sides of a stream valley. [SEP] most of the rock units are in layers .
On the geologic map of the Grand Canyon, for example, different rock types are shown in different colors. Some people call the Grand Canyon layer cake geology because most of the rock units are in layers. Rock units show up on both sides of a stream valley. [SEP] Some people call the Grand Canyon layer cake geology
On this map, the contour lines represent depth below the surface. Therefore, high numbers are deeper depths and low numbers are shallow depths. These maps are made from depth soundings or sonar data. [SEP] On this map , the contour lines represent depth below the surface
On this map, the contour lines represent depth below the surface. Therefore, high numbers are deeper depths and low numbers are shallow depths. These maps are made from depth soundings or sonar data. [SEP] high numbers are deeper depths and low numbers are shallow depths .
Contour lines that are close together indicate a steep slope. This is because the elevation changes quickly in a small area. Contour lines that seem to touch indicate a very steep slope, like a cliff. [SEP] the elevation changes quickly in a small area .
Contour lines that are close together indicate a steep slope. This is because the elevation changes quickly in a small area. Contour lines that seem to touch indicate a very steep slope, like a cliff. [SEP] Contour lines that are close together indicate a steep slope
This is because the elevation changes quickly in a small area. Contour lines that seem to touch indicate a very steep slope, like a cliff. When contour lines are spaced far apart the slope is gentle. [SEP] Contour lines that seem to touch
This is because the elevation changes quickly in a small area. Contour lines that seem to touch indicate a very steep slope, like a cliff. When contour lines are spaced far apart the slope is gentle. [SEP] a very steep slope , like a cliff
When contour lines are spaced far apart the slope is gentle. So contour lines help us see the three-dimensional shape of the land. Look at the topographic map of Stowe, Vermont (Figure 2.28). [SEP] When contour lines are spaced far apart the slope is gentle
When contour lines are spaced far apart the slope is gentle. So contour lines help us see the three-dimensional shape of the land. Look at the topographic map of Stowe, Vermont (Figure 2.28). [SEP] contour lines help us see the three-dimensional shape of the land .
There is a steep hill rising just to the right of the city of Stowe. You can tell this because the contour lines there are closely spaced. The contour lines also show that the hill has a sharp rise of about 200 feet. [SEP] the contour lines there are closely spaced .
There is a steep hill rising just to the right of the city of Stowe. You can tell this because the contour lines there are closely spaced. The contour lines also show that the hill has a sharp rise of about 200 feet. [SEP] You can tell this
2. Concentric circles indicate a hill. Figure 2.29 shows another side of the topographic map of Stowe, Vermont. [SEP] Concentric circles
2. Concentric circles indicate a hill. Figure 2.29 shows another side of the topographic map of Stowe, Vermont. [SEP] a hill
The larger loops encircling the smaller loops are downhill. If you look at the map, you can see Cady Hill in the lower left and another, smaller hill in the upper right. 3. [SEP] you look at the map
The larger loops encircling the smaller loops are downhill. If you look at the map, you can see Cady Hill in the lower left and another, smaller hill in the upper right. 3. [SEP] you can see Cady Hill in the lower left and another , smaller hill in the upper right .
3. Hatched concentric circles indicate a depression. The hatch marks are short, perpendicular lines inside the circle. [SEP] Hatched concentric circles
3. Hatched concentric circles indicate a depression. The hatch marks are short, perpendicular lines inside the circle. [SEP] a depression
4. V-shaped portions of contour lines indicate stream valleys. The V shape of the contour lines point uphill. [SEP] V-shaped portions of contour lines
4. V-shaped portions of contour lines indicate stream valleys. The V shape of the contour lines point uphill. [SEP] stream valleys
The V shape of the contour lines point uphill. There is a V shape because the stream channel passes through the point of the V. The open end of the V represents the downstream portion. [SEP] the stream channel passes through the point of the V.
The V shape of the contour lines point uphill. There is a V shape because the stream channel passes through the point of the V. The open end of the V represents the downstream portion. [SEP] There is a V shape
5. Like other maps, topographic maps have a scale so that you can find the horizontal distance. You can use the horizontal scale to calculate the slope of the land (vertical height/horizontal distance). [SEP] Like other maps , topographic maps have a scale
5. Like other maps, topographic maps have a scale so that you can find the horizontal distance. You can use the horizontal scale to calculate the slope of the land (vertical height/horizontal distance). [SEP] you can find the horizontal distance .
 Since each contour line represents a specific elevation, two different contour are separated by the same difference in elevation (e.g. 20 ft or 100 ft.). This difference between contour lines is called the contour interval. [SEP] each contour line represents a specific elevation
 Since each contour line represents a specific elevation, two different contour are separated by the same difference in elevation (e.g. 20 ft or 100 ft.). This difference between contour lines is called the contour interval. [SEP] two different contour are separated by the same difference in elevation -LRB- e.g. 20 ft or 100 ft. -RRB- .
This difference between contour lines is called the contour interval. You can calculate the contour interval by following these steps: a. Take the difference in elevation between 2 bold lines. b. Divide that difference by the number of contour lines between them. [SEP] following these steps
This difference between contour lines is called the contour interval. You can calculate the contour interval by following these steps: a. Take the difference in elevation between 2 bold lines. b. Divide that difference by the number of contour lines between them. [SEP] : a. Take the difference in elevation between 2 bold lines .
What is the contour interval? If you answered 20 feet, then you are correct (100 ft/5 lines = 20 ft between lines). The legend on the map also gives the contour interval. [SEP] you answered 20 feet
What is the contour interval? If you answered 20 feet, then you are correct (100 ft/5 lines = 20 ft between lines). The legend on the map also gives the contour interval. [SEP] then you are correct -LRB- 100 ft/5 lines = 20 ft between lines -RRB- .
A regular road map shows where a road goes. But a road map doesnt show if the road goes over a mountain pass or through a valley. A topographic map shows you the features the road is going through or past. [SEP] the road goes over a mountain pass or through a valley .
A regular road map shows where a road goes. But a road map doesnt show if the road goes over a mountain pass or through a valley. A topographic map shows you the features the road is going through or past. [SEP] But a road map doesnt show
Satellites orbit high above the Earth in several ways. Different orbits are important for viewing different things about the planet.  [SEP] viewing different things about the planet
Satellites orbit high above the Earth in several ways. Different orbits are important for viewing different things about the planet.  [SEP] Different orbits are important
It came ashore at Galveston (Figure 2.34). Because there was not advanced warning, more than 8000 people lost their lives. Today, we have satellites with many different types of instruments that orbit the Earth. [SEP] there was not advanced warning
It came ashore at Galveston (Figure 2.34). Because there was not advanced warning, more than 8000 people lost their lives. Today, we have satellites with many different types of instruments that orbit the Earth. [SEP] more than 8000 people lost their lives .
With these satellites, satellites can see hurricanes form at sea. They can follow hurricanes as they move from far out in the oceans to shore. Weather forecasters can warn people who live along the coasts. [SEP] they move from far out in the oceans to shore .
With these satellites, satellites can see hurricanes form at sea. They can follow hurricanes as they move from far out in the oceans to shore. Weather forecasters can warn people who live along the coasts. [SEP] They can follow hurricanes
In this same amount of time, the Earth rotates only slightly underneath the satellite. So in less than a day, the satellite can see the entire surface of the Earth. Some weather satellites use a polar orbit to see how the weather is changing globally. [SEP] In this same amount of time , the Earth rotates only slightly underneath the satellite
In this same amount of time, the Earth rotates only slightly underneath the satellite. So in less than a day, the satellite can see the entire surface of the Earth. Some weather satellites use a polar orbit to see how the weather is changing globally. [SEP] in less than a day , the satellite can see the entire surface of the Earth .
The satellites are operated by several government agencies, including NASA, the National Oceano- graphic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), and the United States Geological Survey (USGS). By using different types of scientific instruments, satellites make many kinds of measurements of the Earth. Some satellites measure the temperatures of the land and oceans. [SEP] using different types of scientific instruments
The satellites are operated by several government agencies, including NASA, the National Oceano- graphic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), and the United States Geological Survey (USGS). By using different types of scientific instruments, satellites make many kinds of measurements of the Earth. Some satellites measure the temperatures of the land and oceans. [SEP] , satellites make many kinds of measurements of the Earth .
For example, scientists used computers and satellite images from Mars to create a 3-D image of Mars ice cap (Figure 2.39). The image makes you feel as if you are looking at the ice cap from the surface of Mars. When you link any type of information to a location, you can put together incredibly useful maps and images. [SEP] you are looking at the ice cap from the surface of Mars .
For example, scientists used computers and satellite images from Mars to create a 3-D image of Mars ice cap (Figure 2.39). The image makes you feel as if you are looking at the ice cap from the surface of Mars. When you link any type of information to a location, you can put together incredibly useful maps and images. [SEP] The image makes you feel as
Buy durable goods. Choose items that are well made so they will last longer. Youll buy fewer items in the long run, so youll save money as well as resources. [SEP] Choose items that are well made
Buy durable goods. Choose items that are well made so they will last longer. Youll buy fewer items in the long run, so youll save money as well as resources. [SEP] they will last longer .
Choose items that are well made so they will last longer. Youll buy fewer items in the long run, so youll save money as well as resources. Thats a win-win! [SEP] Youll buy fewer items in the long run
Choose items that are well made so they will last longer. Youll buy fewer items in the long run, so youll save money as well as resources. Thats a win-win! [SEP] youll save money as well as resources .
 Renewable resources can be renewed as they are used. An example is timber, which comes from trees. [SEP] they are used .
 Renewable resources can be renewed as they are used. An example is timber, which comes from trees. [SEP] Renewable resources can be renewed
It seems we will never run out of that! Just because a resource is renewable, it doesnt mean we should use it carelessly. If we arent careful, we can pollute resources. [SEP] a resource is renewable
It seems we will never run out of that! Just because a resource is renewable, it doesnt mean we should use it carelessly. If we arent careful, we can pollute resources. [SEP] it doesnt mean we should use it carelessly .
Just because a resource is renewable, it doesnt mean we should use it carelessly. If we arent careful, we can pollute resources. Then they may no longer be fit for use. [SEP] we arent careful
Just because a resource is renewable, it doesnt mean we should use it carelessly. If we arent careful, we can pollute resources. Then they may no longer be fit for use. [SEP] we can pollute resources .
For example, fish are renewable resources. Thats because they can reproduce and make more fish. But water pollution and overfishing can cause them to die out if their population becomes too low. [SEP] they can reproduce and make more fish .
For example, fish are renewable resources. Thats because they can reproduce and make more fish. But water pollution and overfishing can cause them to die out if their population becomes too low. [SEP] For example , fish are renewable resources . Thats
Thats because they can reproduce and make more fish. But water pollution and overfishing can cause them to die out if their population becomes too low. Figure 20.1 shows another example. [SEP] their population becomes too low .
Thats because they can reproduce and make more fish. But water pollution and overfishing can cause them to die out if their population becomes too low. Figure 20.1 shows another example. [SEP] But water pollution and overfishing can cause them to die out
Oil reserves beneath land are running out. So oil companies have started to drill for oil far out in the ocean. This costs more money. [SEP] Oil reserves beneath land are running out
Oil reserves beneath land are running out. So oil companies have started to drill for oil far out in the ocean. This costs more money. [SEP] oil companies have started to drill for oil far out in the ocean .
This means saving resources. We need to save resources so some will be left for the future. We also need to protect resources from pollution and overuse. [SEP] We need to save resources
This means saving resources. We need to save resources so some will be left for the future. We also need to protect resources from pollution and overuse. [SEP] some will be left for the future .
In a landfill, all those plastic bottles take hundreds of years to break down. What are the problems caused by producing so much trash? Natural resources must be used to produce the materials. [SEP] What are the problems caused by producing
In a landfill, all those plastic bottles take hundreds of years to break down. What are the problems caused by producing so much trash? Natural resources must be used to produce the materials. [SEP] much trash ? Natural resources must be used to produce the materials
Land must be given over to dump the materials. If the materials are toxic, they may cause pollution.  [SEP] the materials are toxic
Land must be given over to dump the materials. If the materials are toxic, they may cause pollution.  [SEP] they may cause pollution .
Table 20.3 show some ways to use energy more efficiently. By getting more bang for the buck, we wont need to use as much energy overall. Does your family use energy efficiently? [SEP] getting more bang for the buck
Table 20.3 show some ways to use energy more efficiently. By getting more bang for the buck, we wont need to use as much energy overall. Does your family use energy efficiently? [SEP] , we wont need to use as much energy overall .
They carry the Energy Star logo, shown in Figure 20.14. To be certified as Energy Star, the appliance must use less energy. Energy Star appliances save a lot of energy over their lifetime. [SEP] Energy Star , the appliance must use less energy .
They carry the Energy Star logo, shown in Figure 20.14. To be certified as Energy Star, the appliance must use less energy. Energy Star appliances save a lot of energy over their lifetime. [SEP] They carry the Energy Star logo , shown in Figure 20.14 . To be certified
This is true of non-renewable and renewable energy. Getting fossil fuels so that they can be used takes many steps. All of these steps use energy. [SEP] is true of non-renewable and renewable energy . Getting fossil fuels
This is true of non-renewable and renewable energy. Getting fossil fuels so that they can be used takes many steps. All of these steps use energy. [SEP] that they can be used takes many steps .
Solar energy is a good example. Sunlight is everywhere, so no one needs to go out and find it. We dont have to drill for it or pump it to the surface. [SEP] Sunlight is everywhere
Solar energy is a good example. Sunlight is everywhere, so no one needs to go out and find it. We dont have to drill for it or pump it to the surface. [SEP] no one needs to go out and find it .
The electricity is used to power lights and appliances in the house. So solar energy doesnt have to be transported.  [SEP] The electricity is used to power lights and appliances in the house
The electricity is used to power lights and appliances in the house. So solar energy doesnt have to be transported.  [SEP] solar energy doesnt have to be transported .
Using these energy resources also produces pollution and increases global warming. For all these reasons, we need to use less of these energy sources. We also need to use them more efficiently. [SEP] Using these energy resources also produces pollution and increases global warming
Using these energy resources also produces pollution and increases global warming. For all these reasons, we need to use less of these energy sources. We also need to use them more efficiently. [SEP] we need to use less of these energy sources .
Human actions have increased how often droughts occur. One way people can help to bring on drought is by cutting down trees. Trees add a lot of water vapor to the air. [SEP] cutting down trees
Human actions have increased how often droughts occur. One way people can help to bring on drought is by cutting down trees. Trees add a lot of water vapor to the air. [SEP] One way people can help to bring on drought is
We already use six times as much water today as we did a hundred years ago. As the number of people rises, our need for water will grow. By the year 2025, only half the worlds people will have enough clean water. [SEP] the number of people rises , our need for water will grow .
We already use six times as much water today as we did a hundred years ago. As the number of people rises, our need for water will grow. By the year 2025, only half the worlds people will have enough clean water. [SEP] We already use six times as much water today as we did a hundred years ago .
Water is such a vital resource that serious water shortages may cause other problems. Crops and livestock may die, so people will have less food available. Other uses of water, such as industry, may have to stop. [SEP] Crops and livestock may die
Water is such a vital resource that serious water shortages may cause other problems. Crops and livestock may die, so people will have less food available. Other uses of water, such as industry, may have to stop. [SEP] people will have less food available .
Their only choice may be to drink water straight from a river (see Figure 21.8). If the river is polluted with wastes, it will contain bacteria and other organisms that cause disease. Almost 9 out of 10 cases of disease worldwide are caused by unsafe drinking water. [SEP] the river is polluted with wastes
Their only choice may be to drink water straight from a river (see Figure 21.8). If the river is polluted with wastes, it will contain bacteria and other organisms that cause disease. Almost 9 out of 10 cases of disease worldwide are caused by unsafe drinking water. [SEP] it will contain bacteria and other organisms that cause disease .
Keeping golf courses green uses an incredible amount of water. Since many golf courses are in sunny areas, much of the water is irrigation water. Many golf courses, like the one in Figure 21.4, have sprinkler systems. [SEP] many golf courses are in sunny areas
Keeping golf courses green uses an incredible amount of water. Since many golf courses are in sunny areas, much of the water is irrigation water. Many golf courses, like the one in Figure 21.4, have sprinkler systems. [SEP] much of the water is irrigation water .
Think about all the ways people use water at home. Besides drinking it, they use it for cooking, bathing, washing dishes, doing laundry, and flushing toilets. The water used inside homes goes down the drain. [SEP] cooking , bathing , washing dishes , doing laundry , and flushing toilets
Think about all the ways people use water at home. Besides drinking it, they use it for cooking, bathing, washing dishes, doing laundry, and flushing toilets. The water used inside homes goes down the drain. [SEP] Besides drinking it , they use it
Households may also use water outdoors. If your family has a lawn or garden, you may water them with a hose or sprinkler. You probably use water to wash the car, like the teen in Figure 21.3. [SEP] your family has a lawn or garden
Households may also use water outdoors. If your family has a lawn or garden, you may water them with a hose or sprinkler. You probably use water to wash the car, like the teen in Figure 21.3. [SEP] you may water them with a hose or sprinkler .
The plants pump cold water from a lake or coastal area through giant cooling towers, like those in Figure 21.14. As it flows through the towers, the cold water absorbs heat. This warmed water is returned to the lake or sea. [SEP] it flows through the towers , the cold water absorbs heat .
The plants pump cold water from a lake or coastal area through giant cooling towers, like those in Figure 21.14. As it flows through the towers, the cold water absorbs heat. This warmed water is returned to the lake or sea. [SEP] The plants pump cold water from a lake or coastal area through giant cooling towers , like those in Figure 21.14 .
Warm water cant hold as much oxygen as cool water. If the water gets too warm, there may not be enough oxygen for living things.  [SEP] the water gets too warm
Warm water cant hold as much oxygen as cool water. If the water gets too warm, there may not be enough oxygen for living things.  [SEP] there may not be enough oxygen for living things .
Why do you think thats the case? Of course, its because most pollution enters the oceans from the land. Runoff and rivers carry the majority of pollution into the ocean. [SEP] most pollution enters the oceans from the land .
Why do you think thats the case? Of course, its because most pollution enters the oceans from the land. Runoff and rivers carry the majority of pollution into the ocean. [SEP] you think thats the case ? Of course , its
In some parts of the world, raw sewage and trash may be thrown into the water (see Figure 21.12). Coastal water may become so polluted that people get sick if they swim in it or eat seafood from it. The polluted water may also kill fish and other ocean life. [SEP] Coastal water may become so polluted
In some parts of the world, raw sewage and trash may be thrown into the water (see Figure 21.12). Coastal water may become so polluted that people get sick if they swim in it or eat seafood from it. The polluted water may also kill fish and other ocean life. [SEP] people get sick if they swim in it or eat seafood from it .
In some parts of the world, raw sewage and trash may be thrown into the water (see Figure 21.12). Coastal water may become so polluted that people get sick if they swim in it or eat seafood from it. The polluted water may also kill fish and other ocean life. [SEP] they swim in it or eat seafood from it .
In some parts of the world, raw sewage and trash may be thrown into the water (see Figure 21.12). Coastal water may become so polluted that people get sick if they swim in it or eat seafood from it. The polluted water may also kill fish and other ocean life. [SEP] people get sick
Huge ocean tankers carry oil around the world. If something goes wrong with a rig on a tanker, millions of barrels of oil may end up in the water. The oil may coat and kill ocean animals. [SEP] something goes wrong with a rig on a tanker
Huge ocean tankers carry oil around the world. If something goes wrong with a rig on a tanker, millions of barrels of oil may end up in the water. The oil may coat and kill ocean animals. [SEP] millions of barrels of oil may end up in the water .
Dissolved fertilizer causes too much growth of water plants and algae. This can lead to dead zones where nothing can live in lakes and at the mouths of rivers. Some of the chemicals can infiltrate into groundwater. [SEP] Dissolved fertilizer causes too much growth of water plants and algae
Dissolved fertilizer causes too much growth of water plants and algae. This can lead to dead zones where nothing can live in lakes and at the mouths of rivers. Some of the chemicals can infiltrate into groundwater. [SEP] dead zones
The contaminated water comes up in water wells. If people drink the polluted water, they may get sick. Waste from livestock can also pollute water. [SEP] people drink the polluted water
The contaminated water comes up in water wells. If people drink the polluted water, they may get sick. Waste from livestock can also pollute water. [SEP] they may get sick .
Leaks may not be noticed until a lot of oil has soaked into the ground. The oil may pollute groundwater so it is no longer fit to drink.  [SEP] The oil may pollute groundwater
Leaks may not be noticed until a lot of oil has soaked into the ground. The oil may pollute groundwater so it is no longer fit to drink.  [SEP] it is no longer fit to drink .
Municipal refers to the community. Households and businesses in a community are also responsible for polluting the water supply. For example: People apply chemicals to their lawns. [SEP] polluting the water supply
Municipal refers to the community. Households and businesses in a community are also responsible for polluting the water supply. For example: People apply chemicals to their lawns. [SEP] Households and businesses in a community are also responsible
Treating water for other purposes may not include all the same steps. Thats because water used in agriculture or industry may not have to be as clean as drinking water. You can see how water for drinking is treated in Figure 21.18. [SEP] water used in agriculture or industry may not have to be as clean as drinking water .
Treating water for other purposes may not include all the same steps. Thats because water used in agriculture or industry may not have to be as clean as drinking water. You can see how water for drinking is treated in Figure 21.18. [SEP] water for other purposes may not include all the same steps . Thats
For example, communities may ban lawn watering and car washing. People may be fined if they use water in these ways. You can do your part. [SEP] they use water in these ways .
For example, communities may ban lawn watering and car washing. People may be fined if they use water in these ways. You can do your part. [SEP] People may be fined
In the mid 1900s, people were startled to see the Cuyahoga River in Cleveland, Ohio, burst into flames! The river was so polluted with oil and other industrial wastes that it was flammable. Nothing could live in it. [SEP] The river was so polluted
In the mid 1900s, people were startled to see the Cuyahoga River in Cleveland, Ohio, burst into flames! The river was so polluted with oil and other industrial wastes that it was flammable. Nothing could live in it. [SEP] it was flammable .
 Disasters such as rivers burning led to new U.S. laws to protect the water. For example, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) was established, and the Clean Water Act was passed. [SEP] Disasters such as rivers burning
 Disasters such as rivers burning led to new U.S. laws to protect the water. For example, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) was established, and the Clean Water Act was passed. [SEP] new U.S. laws to protect the water .
It limits what can be released into the air. As a result, the air in the U.S. is much cleaner now than it was 50 years ago. But air pollution has not gone away. [SEP] It limits what can be released into the air
It limits what can be released into the air. As a result, the air in the U.S. is much cleaner now than it was 50 years ago. But air pollution has not gone away. [SEP] the air in the U.S. is much cleaner now than it was 50 years ago .
A temperature inversion over London, England, kept cold air and pollutants near the ground. The air became so polluted that thousands of people died in just a few days. This event was called the Big Smoke. [SEP] The air became so polluted
A temperature inversion over London, England, kept cold air and pollutants near the ground. The air became so polluted that thousands of people died in just a few days. This event was called the Big Smoke. [SEP] thousands of people died in just a few days .
Levels of VOCs are often higher indoors than out. Thats because they are released by products such as paints, cleaning solutions, and building materials. How might you reduce your exposure to VOCs? [SEP] they are released by products such as paints , cleaning solutions , and building materials .
Levels of VOCs are often higher indoors than out. Thats because they are released by products such as paints, cleaning solutions, and building materials. How might you reduce your exposure to VOCs? [SEP] Levels of VOCs are often higher indoors than out . Thats
The pH of normal rain is 5.6. Its slightly acidic because carbon dioxide in the air dissolves in rain. This forms carbonic acid, a weak acid. [SEP] carbon dioxide in the air dissolves in rain .
The pH of normal rain is 5.6. Its slightly acidic because carbon dioxide in the air dissolves in rain. This forms carbonic acid, a weak acid. [SEP] pH of normal rain is 5.6 . Its slightly acidic
CFCs are stable compounds that can remain in the atmosphere for hundreds of years. Once CFCs are in the air, they float up into the stratosphere. What happens next is shown in Figure 22.12. [SEP] CFCs are in the air
CFCs are stable compounds that can remain in the atmosphere for hundreds of years. Once CFCs are in the air, they float up into the stratosphere. What happens next is shown in Figure 22.12. [SEP] they float up into the stratosphere .
More UV rays also harm plants and phytoplankton. As a result, they produce less food. This may affect entire ecosystems. [SEP] More UV rays also harm plants and phytoplankton
More UV rays also harm plants and phytoplankton. As a result, they produce less food. This may affect entire ecosystems. [SEP] they produce less food .
Plants such as trees, which normally live a long time, are most affected. Entire forests may die out if ozone levels are very high. Other plants, including crop plants, may also be damaged by ozone. [SEP] ozone levels are very high .
Plants such as trees, which normally live a long time, are most affected. Entire forests may die out if ozone levels are very high. Other plants, including crop plants, may also be damaged by ozone. [SEP] Entire forests may die out
Particulates block sunlight from reaching Earths surface. This means there is less energy for photosynthesis. Less photosynthesis means that plants and phytoplankton produce less food. [SEP] Particulates block sunlight from reaching Earths surface
Particulates block sunlight from reaching Earths surface. This means there is less energy for photosynthesis. Less photosynthesis means that plants and phytoplankton produce less food. [SEP] there
Bioaccumulation is illustrated in Figure 22.8. As heavy metals are passed up a food chain they accumulate. Imagine a low-level consumer eating a producer. [SEP] heavy metals are passed up a food chain they accumulate .
Bioaccumulation is illustrated in Figure 22.8. As heavy metals are passed up a food chain they accumulate. Imagine a low-level consumer eating a producer. [SEP] Bioaccumulation is illustrated in Figure 22.8 .
Unborn babies and young children are most affected. Thats because their organs are still developing.  [SEP] their organs are still developing .
Unborn babies and young children are most affected. Thats because their organs are still developing.  [SEP] babies and young children are most affected . Thats
CO is deadly to people in a confined space, such as a closed home. Carbon monoxide is odorless and colorless, so people cant tell when they are breathing it. Thats why homes should have carbon monoxide detectors. [SEP] Carbon monoxide is odorless and colorless
CO is deadly to people in a confined space, such as a closed home. Carbon monoxide is odorless and colorless, so people cant tell when they are breathing it. Thats why homes should have carbon monoxide detectors. [SEP] people cant tell when they are breathing it .
 There are two basic types of strategies for reducing pollution from fossil fuels: 1. Use less fossil fuel to begin with. 2. When fossil fuels must be used, prevent the pollution from entering the air. [SEP] reducing pollution from fossil fuels
 There are two basic types of strategies for reducing pollution from fossil fuels: 1. Use less fossil fuel to begin with. 2. When fossil fuels must be used, prevent the pollution from entering the air. [SEP] There are two basic types of strategies
These cars use gas only as a backup fuel. As a result, they produce just 10 percent of the air pollution produced by cars that run only on gas. Cars that run on hydrogen and produce no pollution at all have also been developed (see Figure 22.14). [SEP] These cars use gas only as a backup fuel
These cars use gas only as a backup fuel. As a result, they produce just 10 percent of the air pollution produced by cars that run only on gas. Cars that run on hydrogen and produce no pollution at all have also been developed (see Figure 22.14). [SEP] they produce just 10 percent of the air pollution produced by cars that run only on gas .
In a cap-and-trade system, each nation is given a cap, or upper limit, on carbon dioxide emissions. If a nation needs to go over its cap, it can trade with another nation that is below its cap. Figure 22.16 shows how this works. [SEP] a nation needs to go over its cap
In a cap-and-trade system, each nation is given a cap, or upper limit, on carbon dioxide emissions. If a nation needs to go over its cap, it can trade with another nation that is below its cap. Figure 22.16 shows how this works. [SEP] it can trade with another nation that is below its cap .
The Kyoto Protocol has not been as successful as the Montreal Protocol. One reason is that the worlds biggest producer of greenhouse gases, the U.S., did not sign the Kyoto Protocol. Of the nations that signed it, few are [SEP] the worlds biggest producer of greenhouse gases , the U.S. , did not sign the Kyoto Protocol .
The Kyoto Protocol has not been as successful as the Montreal Protocol. One reason is that the worlds biggest producer of greenhouse gases, the U.S., did not sign the Kyoto Protocol. Of the nations that signed it, few are [SEP] The Kyoto Protocol has not been as successful as the Montreal Protocol
By 1995, few CFCs were still being used. But the ozone hole kept growing for several years after that because of the CFCs already in the atmosphere. It peaked in 2006. [SEP] But the ozone hole kept growing for several years after that
By 1995, few CFCs were still being used. But the ozone hole kept growing for several years after that because of the CFCs already in the atmosphere. It peaked in 2006. [SEP] already in the atmosphere . It peaked in 2006
It peaked in 2006. Since then, it has been somewhat smaller.  [SEP] then , it has been somewhat smaller .
It peaked in 2006. Since then, it has been somewhat smaller.  [SEP] It peaked in 2006 .
With this information they could know when to plant crops. Stars were so important that the patterns they made in the sky were named. These patterns are called constellations. [SEP] Stars were so important
With this information they could know when to plant crops. Stars were so important that the patterns they made in the sky were named. These patterns are called constellations. [SEP] the patterns they made in the sky were named .
As wavelength increases, frequency decreases. This means that as wavelengths get shorter, more waves move past a particular spot in the same amount of time.  [SEP] wavelengths get shorter , more waves move past a particular spot in the same amount of time .
As wavelength increases, frequency decreases. This means that as wavelengths get shorter, more waves move past a particular spot in the same amount of time.  [SEP] This means that
Imagine this: Today you can see all of the things Galileo saw using a good pair of binoculars. You can see sunspots if you have special filters on the lenses. (Never look directly at the Sun without using the proper filters!) [SEP] you have special filters on the lenses .
Imagine this: Today you can see all of the things Galileo saw using a good pair of binoculars. You can see sunspots if you have special filters on the lenses. (Never look directly at the Sun without using the proper filters!) [SEP] You can see sunspots
This allows them to collect a wide variety of data. The data is fed into computers so that it can be studied. An astronomer may take weeks to analyze all of the data collected from just a single night! [SEP] The data is fed into computers
This allows them to collect a wide variety of data. The data is fed into computers so that it can be studied. An astronomer may take weeks to analyze all of the data collected from just a single night! [SEP] it can be studied .
The sinkhole formed when water flowing underground dissolved the limestone. This telescope would collapse under its own weight if it were not supported by the ground. There is a big disadvantage to this design. [SEP] it were not supported by the ground .
The sinkhole formed when water flowing underground dissolved the limestone. This telescope would collapse under its own weight if it were not supported by the ground. There is a big disadvantage to this design. [SEP] This telescope would collapse under its own weight
Many observatories are built on high mountains. There is less air above the telescope, so there is less interference from the atmosphere. Space telescopes avoid such problems completely since they orbit outside the atmosphere. [SEP] There is less air above the telescope
Many observatories are built on high mountains. There is less air above the telescope, so there is less interference from the atmosphere. Space telescopes avoid such problems completely since they orbit outside the atmosphere. [SEP] there is less interference from the atmosphere .
There is less air above the telescope, so there is less interference from the atmosphere. Space telescopes avoid such problems completely since they orbit outside the atmosphere. The Hubble Space Telescope is the best known space telescope. [SEP] they orbit outside the atmosphere .
There is less air above the telescope, so there is less interference from the atmosphere. Space telescopes avoid such problems completely since they orbit outside the atmosphere. The Hubble Space Telescope is the best known space telescope. [SEP] telescopes avoid such problems completely
Hubble began operations in 1994. Since then it has provided huge amounts of data. The telescope has helped astronomers answer many of the biggest questions in astronomy. [SEP] then it has provided huge amounts of data .
Hubble began operations in 1994. Since then it has provided huge amounts of data. The telescope has helped astronomers answer many of the biggest questions in astronomy. [SEP] Hubble began operations in 1994 .
The mirrors in a reflecting telescope are much lighter than the heavy glass lenses in a refractor. This is important because a refracting telescope must be much stronger to support the heavy glass. Its much easier to precisely make mirrors than to precisely make glass lenses. [SEP] a refracting telescope must be much stronger to support the heavy glass .
The mirrors in a reflecting telescope are much lighter than the heavy glass lenses in a refractor. This is important because a refracting telescope must be much stronger to support the heavy glass. Its much easier to precisely make mirrors than to precisely make glass lenses. [SEP] This is important
Its much easier to precisely make mirrors than to precisely make glass lenses. For that reason, reflectors can be made larger than refractors. Larger telescopes can collect more light. [SEP] Its much easier to precisely make mirrors than to precisely make glass lenses
Its much easier to precisely make mirrors than to precisely make glass lenses. For that reason, reflectors can be made larger than refractors. Larger telescopes can collect more light. [SEP] reflectors can be made larger than refractors .
A beam of light could travel from New York to Los Angeles and back again nearly 40 times in just one second. Even at that amazing rate, objects in space are so far away that it takes a lot of time for their light to reach us. Even light from the nearest star, our Sun, takes about 8 minutes to reach Earth. [SEP] Even at that amazing rate , objects in space are so far away
A beam of light could travel from New York to Los Angeles and back again nearly 40 times in just one second. Even at that amazing rate, objects in space are so far away that it takes a lot of time for their light to reach us. Even light from the nearest star, our Sun, takes about 8 minutes to reach Earth. [SEP] it takes a lot of time for their light to reach us .
When you see an image of the galaxy what are you seeing? You are seeing the galaxy as it was 2.5 million years ago! Since scientists can look back in time they can better understand the Universes history. [SEP] it was 2.5 million years ago !
When you see an image of the galaxy what are you seeing? You are seeing the galaxy as it was 2.5 million years ago! Since scientists can look back in time they can better understand the Universes history. [SEP] You are seeing the galaxy
 We need a really big unit to measure distances out in space because distances between stars are so great. A light- year, 9.5 trillion kilometers (5.9 trillion miles), is the distance that light travels in one year. [SEP] We need a really big unit to measure distances out in space because distances between stars are
 We need a really big unit to measure distances out in space because distances between stars are so great. A light- year, 9.5 trillion kilometers (5.9 trillion miles), is the distance that light travels in one year. [SEP] great . A light - year , 9.5 trillion kilometers -LRB- 5.9 trillion miles -RRB- , is the distance that light travels in one
This near neighbor is 4.22 light-years away. That means the light from Proxima Centauri takes 4.22 years to reach us. Our galaxy, the Milky Way Galaxy, is about 100,000 light-years across. [SEP] This near neighbor is 4.22 light-years away
This near neighbor is 4.22 light-years away. That means the light from Proxima Centauri takes 4.22 years to reach us. Our galaxy, the Milky Way Galaxy, is about 100,000 light-years across. [SEP] the light from Proxima Centauri
Our galaxy, the Milky Way Galaxy, is about 100,000 light-years across. So it takes light 100,000 years to travel from one side of the galaxy to the other! It turns out that even 100,000 light years is a short distance. [SEP] Our galaxy , the Milky Way Galaxy , is about 100,000 light-years across
Our galaxy, the Milky Way Galaxy, is about 100,000 light-years across. So it takes light 100,000 years to travel from one side of the galaxy to the other! It turns out that even 100,000 light years is a short distance. [SEP] it takes light 100,000 years to travel from one side of the galaxy to the other !
Sputnik 1, shown in Figure 23.20, sent out radio signals, which were detected by scientists and amateur radio operators around the world. The satellite stayed in orbit for about 3 months, until it burned up as a result of friction with Earths atmosphere. The launch of Sputnik 1 started the Space Race between the USSR and the USA. [SEP] friction with Earths atmosphere
Sputnik 1, shown in Figure 23.20, sent out radio signals, which were detected by scientists and amateur radio operators around the world. The satellite stayed in orbit for about 3 months, until it burned up as a result of friction with Earths atmosphere. The launch of Sputnik 1 started the Space Race between the USSR and the USA. [SEP] The satellite stayed in orbit for about 3 months , until it burned up
On April 12, 1961, a Soviet cosmonaut became the first human in space and in orbit. Less than one month later May 5, 1961 the U.S. sent its first astronaut into space: Alan Shepherd. The first American in orbit was John Glenn, in February 1962. [SEP] Less than one month later May 5 , 1961
On April 12, 1961, a Soviet cosmonaut became the first human in space and in orbit. Less than one month later May 5, 1961 the U.S. sent its first astronaut into space: Alan Shepherd. The first American in orbit was John Glenn, in February 1962. [SEP] the U.S. sent its first astronaut into space : Alan Shepherd
Around the turn of the 20th century, several breakthroughs took place. These breakthroughs led to rockets that could travel beyond Earth. Liquid fuel gave rockets enough power to escape Earths gravity (Figure 23.14). [SEP] Around the turn of the 20th century , several breakthroughs took place
Around the turn of the 20th century, several breakthroughs took place. These breakthroughs led to rockets that could travel beyond Earth. Liquid fuel gave rockets enough power to escape Earths gravity (Figure 23.14). [SEP] rockets that could travel beyond Earth
Liquid fuel gave rockets enough power to escape Earths gravity (Figure 23.14). By using multiple stages, empty fuel containers could drop away. This reduced the mass of the rocket so that it could fly higher. [SEP] using multiple stages
Liquid fuel gave rockets enough power to escape Earths gravity (Figure 23.14). By using multiple stages, empty fuel containers could drop away. This reduced the mass of the rocket so that it could fly higher. [SEP] , empty fuel containers could drop away .
By using multiple stages, empty fuel containers could drop away. This reduced the mass of the rocket so that it could fly higher. Rockets were used during World War II. [SEP] This reduced the mass of the rocket
By using multiple stages, empty fuel containers could drop away. This reduced the mass of the rocket so that it could fly higher. Rockets were used during World War II. [SEP] it could fly higher .
Why do satellites stay in orbit? Why dont they crash into Earth due to the planets gravity? Newtons law of universal gravitation describes what happens. [SEP] the planets gravity
Why do satellites stay in orbit? Why dont they crash into Earth due to the planets gravity? Newtons law of universal gravitation describes what happens. [SEP] Why dont they crash into Earth
Imagine a cannonball launched from a high mountain, as shown in Figure 23.17. If the cannonball is launched at a slow speed, it will fall back to Earth. This is shown as paths (A) and (B). [SEP] the cannonball is launched at a slow speed
Imagine a cannonball launched from a high mountain, as shown in Figure 23.17. If the cannonball is launched at a slow speed, it will fall back to Earth. This is shown as paths (A) and (B). [SEP] it will fall back to Earth .
This is shown as paths (A) and (B). Something different happens if the cannonball is launched at a fast speed. The Earth below curves away at the same rate that the cannonball falls. [SEP] the cannonball is launched at a fast speed .
This is shown as paths (A) and (B). Something different happens if the cannonball is launched at a fast speed. The Earth below curves away at the same rate that the cannonball falls. [SEP] Something different happens
The cannonball then goes into a circular orbit, as in path (C). If the cannonball is launched even faster, it could go into an elliptical orbit (D). It might even leave Earths gravity and go into space (E). [SEP] the cannonball is launched even faster
The cannonball then goes into a circular orbit, as in path (C). If the cannonball is launched even faster, it could go into an elliptical orbit (D). It might even leave Earths gravity and go into space (E). [SEP] it could go into an elliptical orbit -LRB- D -RRB- .
Imaging and weather satellites need this type of view. Satellite may be placed so that they orbit at the same rate the Earth spins. The satellite then remains over the same location on the surface. [SEP] Satellite may be placed
Imaging and weather satellites need this type of view. Satellite may be placed so that they orbit at the same rate the Earth spins. The satellite then remains over the same location on the surface. [SEP] they orbit at the same rate the Earth spins .
A space probe is an unmanned spacecraft. The craft collects data by flying near or landing on an object in space. This could be a planet, moon, asteroid, or comet. [SEP] flying near or landing on an object in space
A space probe is an unmanned spacecraft. The craft collects data by flying near or landing on an object in space. This could be a planet, moon, asteroid, or comet. [SEP] The craft collects data
On May 25, 1961, President John F. Kennedy challenged the U.S. Congress: I believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal, before this decade is out, of landing a man on the Moon and returning him back safely to the Earth. No single space project in this period will be more impressive to mankind, or more important for the long-range exploration of space; and none will be so difficult or expensive to accomplish. The Soviets were also trying to reach the Moon. [SEP] No single space project in this period will be more impressive to mankind , or more important for the long-range exploration of space ; and none will be
On May 25, 1961, President John F. Kennedy challenged the U.S. Congress: I believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal, before this decade is out, of landing a man on the Moon and returning him back safely to the Earth. No single space project in this period will be more impressive to mankind, or more important for the long-range exploration of space; and none will be so difficult or expensive to accomplish. The Soviets were also trying to reach the Moon. [SEP] difficult or expensive to accomplish .
The tile was part of the shuttles heat shield. The shield protects the shuttle from extremely high temperatures as it reenters the atmosphere. When Columbia returned to Earth on February 3, 2003, it could not withstand the high temperatures. [SEP] it reenters the atmosphere .
The tile was part of the shuttles heat shield. The shield protects the shuttle from extremely high temperatures as it reenters the atmosphere. When Columbia returned to Earth on February 3, 2003, it could not withstand the high temperatures. [SEP] The shield protects the shuttle from extremely high temperatures
Orion will replace the shuttle. Known as a Crew Exploration Vehicle, Orion is expected to be ready by 2016.  [SEP] a Crew Exploration Vehicle , Orion is expected to be ready by 2016 .
Orion will replace the shuttle. Known as a Crew Exploration Vehicle, Orion is expected to be ready by 2016.  [SEP] Orion will replace the shuttle . Known
At the end of the mission, the orbiter re-enters Earths atmosphere. The outside heats up as it descends. Pilots have to steer the shuttle to the runway very precisely. [SEP] it descends .
At the end of the mission, the orbiter re-enters Earths atmosphere. The outside heats up as it descends. Pilots have to steer the shuttle to the runway very precisely. [SEP] The outside heats up
The primary purpose of the station is scientific research. This is important because the station has a microgravity environment. Experiments are done in the fields of biology, chemistry, physics, physiology and medicine. [SEP] the station has a microgravity environment .
The primary purpose of the station is scientific research. This is important because the station has a microgravity environment. Experiments are done in the fields of biology, chemistry, physics, physiology and medicine. [SEP] This is important
Skylab was used to study the effects of staying in space for long period. Devices on board were and for studying the Sun. Skylab reentered Earths atmosphere in 1979, sooner than expected. [SEP] studying the Sun
Skylab was used to study the effects of staying in space for long period. Devices on board were and for studying the Sun. Skylab reentered Earths atmosphere in 1979, sooner than expected. [SEP] Devices on board were and
The side facing away from the Sun is dark. If you look at Earth from the North Pole, the planet spins counterclockwise. As the Earth rotates, you see the Sun moving across the sky from east to west. [SEP] you look at Earth from the North Pole
The side facing away from the Sun is dark. If you look at Earth from the North Pole, the planet spins counterclockwise. As the Earth rotates, you see the Sun moving across the sky from east to west. [SEP] the planet spins counterclockwise .
If you look at Earth from the North Pole, the planet spins counterclockwise. As the Earth rotates, you see the Sun moving across the sky from east to west. We often say that the Sun is rising or setting. [SEP] the Earth rotates , you see the Sun moving across the sky from east to west .
If you look at Earth from the North Pole, the planet spins counterclockwise. As the Earth rotates, you see the Sun moving across the sky from east to west. We often say that the Sun is rising or setting. [SEP] If you look at Earth from the North Pole , the planet spins counterclockwise .
Earths rotation is also responsible for this too. As Earth turns, the Moon and stars change position in the sky.  [SEP] Earth turns , the Moon and stars change position in the sky .
Earths rotation is also responsible for this too. As Earth turns, the Moon and stars change position in the sky.  [SEP] Earths rotation is also responsible for this too .
The Earth is tilted 23 1/2 on its axis (Figure 24.10). This means that as the Earth rotates, one hemisphere has longer days with shorter nights. At the same time the other hemisphere has shorter days and longer nights. [SEP] the Earth rotates , one hemisphere has longer days with shorter nights .
The Earth is tilted 23 1/2 on its axis (Figure 24.10). This means that as the Earth rotates, one hemisphere has longer days with shorter nights. At the same time the other hemisphere has shorter days and longer nights. [SEP] This means that
This means that the Southern Hemisphere experiences its longest night and shortest day (Figure 24.11). The hemisphere that is tilted away from the Sun is cooler because it receives less direct rays. As Earth orbits the Sun, the Northern Hemisphere goes from winter to spring, then summer and fall. [SEP] it receives less direct rays .
This means that the Southern Hemisphere experiences its longest night and shortest day (Figure 24.11). The hemisphere that is tilted away from the Sun is cooler because it receives less direct rays. As Earth orbits the Sun, the Northern Hemisphere goes from winter to spring, then summer and fall. [SEP] The hemisphere that is tilted away from the Sun is cooler
The hemisphere that is tilted away from the Sun is cooler because it receives less direct rays. As Earth orbits the Sun, the Northern Hemisphere goes from winter to spring, then summer and fall. The Southern Hemisphere does the opposite from summer to fall to winter to spring. [SEP] Earth orbits the Sun , the Northern Hemisphere goes from winter to spring , then summer and fall .
The hemisphere that is tilted away from the Sun is cooler because it receives less direct rays. As Earth orbits the Sun, the Northern Hemisphere goes from winter to spring, then summer and fall. The Southern Hemisphere does the opposite from summer to fall to winter to spring. [SEP] The hemisphere that is tilted away from the Sun is cooler because it receives less direct rays .
Rotation is what a top does around its spindle. As Earth spins on its axis, it also orbits around the Sun. This is called Earths revolution. [SEP] Earth spins on its axis , it also orbits around the Sun .
Rotation is what a top does around its spindle. As Earth spins on its axis, it also orbits around the Sun. This is called Earths revolution. [SEP] Rotation is what a top does around its spindle .
This is called Earths revolution. These motions lead to the cycles we see. Day and night, seasons, and the tides are caused by Earths motions. [SEP] This is called Earths revolution
This is called Earths revolution. These motions lead to the cycles we see. Day and night, seasons, and the tides are caused by Earths motions. [SEP] the cycles we see
The weight swung back and forth in a straight line. If Earth did not rotate, the pendulum would not change direction as it was swinging. But it did, or at least it appeared to. [SEP] it was swinging .
The weight swung back and forth in a straight line. If Earth did not rotate, the pendulum would not change direction as it was swinging. But it did, or at least it appeared to. [SEP] If Earth did not rotate , the pendulum would not change direction
The weight swung back and forth in a straight line. If Earth did not rotate, the pendulum would not change direction as it was swinging. But it did, or at least it appeared to. [SEP] Earth did not rotate
The weight swung back and forth in a straight line. If Earth did not rotate, the pendulum would not change direction as it was swinging. But it did, or at least it appeared to. [SEP] the pendulum would not change direction
But it did, or at least it appeared to. The direction of the pendulum appeared to change because Earth rotated beneath it. Figure 24.9 shows how this might look. [SEP] Earth rotated beneath it .
But it did, or at least it appeared to. The direction of the pendulum appeared to change because Earth rotated beneath it. Figure 24.9 shows how this might look. [SEP] The direction of the pendulum appeared to change
Earths magnetic field shields us from harmful radiation from the Sun (Figure 24.7). If you have a large bar magnet, you can hang it from a string. Then watch as it aligns itself in a north-south direction, in response to Earths magnetic field. [SEP] you have a large bar magnet
Earths magnetic field shields us from harmful radiation from the Sun (Figure 24.7). If you have a large bar magnet, you can hang it from a string. Then watch as it aligns itself in a north-south direction, in response to Earths magnetic field. [SEP] you can hang it from a string .
If you have a large bar magnet, you can hang it from a string. Then watch as it aligns itself in a north-south direction, in response to Earths magnetic field. A compass needle also aligns with Earths magnetic field. [SEP] it aligns itself in a north-south direction , in response to Earths magnetic field .
If you have a large bar magnet, you can hang it from a string. Then watch as it aligns itself in a north-south direction, in response to Earths magnetic field. A compass needle also aligns with Earths magnetic field. [SEP] If you have a large bar magnet , you can hang it from a string . Then watch
A compass needle also aligns with Earths magnetic field. People can navigate by finding magnetic north (Figure 24.8).  [SEP] finding magnetic north -LRB- Figure 24.8 -RRB-
A compass needle also aligns with Earths magnetic field. People can navigate by finding magnetic north (Figure 24.8).  [SEP] People can navigate
The bottom part of the ship disappears faster than the top part. What would that ship look like if Earth was flat? No part of it would disappear before the other. [SEP] Earth was flat ?
The bottom part of the ship disappears faster than the top part. What would that ship look like if Earth was flat? No part of it would disappear before the other. [SEP] would that ship look like
No part of it would disappear before the other. It would all just get smaller as it moved further away. In the solar system, the planets orbit around the Sun. [SEP] it moved further away .
No part of it would disappear before the other. It would all just get smaller as it moved further away. In the solar system, the planets orbit around the Sun. [SEP] It would all just get smaller
Earths atmosphere has oxygen. The water and oxygen are crucial to life as we know it. Earth appears to be the only planet in the solar system with living creatures. [SEP] we know it .
Earths atmosphere has oxygen. The water and oxygen are crucial to life as we know it. Earth appears to be the only planet in the solar system with living creatures. [SEP] The water and oxygen are crucial to life
You can learn more about the planets in the Our Solar System chapter. Some of the different parts of the Earth are our: Since Earth is round, the layers all have the word sphere at the end (Figure 24.3). [SEP] Earth is
You can learn more about the planets in the Our Solar System chapter. Some of the different parts of the Earth are our: Since Earth is round, the layers all have the word sphere at the end (Figure 24.3). [SEP] the layers all have the word sphere at the
All of Earths layers interact. Therefore, Earths surface is constantly undergoing change.  [SEP] All of Earths layers interact
All of Earths layers interact. Therefore, Earths surface is constantly undergoing change.  [SEP] Earths surface is constantly undergoing change .
That is equal to one year. The Earth stays in orbit around the Sun because of the Suns gravity (Figure 24.12). Earths orbit is not a circle. [SEP] The Earth stays in orbit around the Sun
That is equal to one year. The Earth stays in orbit around the Sun because of the Suns gravity (Figure 24.12). Earths orbit is not a circle. [SEP] . Earths orbit is not a circle
It is somewhat elliptical. So as we travel around the Sun, sometimes we are a little farther away from the Sun. Sometimes we are closer to the Sun. [SEP] It is somewhat elliptical
It is somewhat elliptical. So as we travel around the Sun, sometimes we are a little farther away from the Sun. Sometimes we are closer to the Sun. [SEP] as we travel around the Sun , sometimes we are a little farther away from the Sun .
Thats not true! The seasons are due to the tilt of Earths axis, as discussed above.  [SEP] the tilt of Earths axis , as discussed above .
Thats not true! The seasons are due to the tilt of Earths axis, as discussed above.  [SEP] The seasons
There are no lakes, rivers, or even small puddles anywhere to be found on the Moons surface. So there is no running water and no atmosphere. This means that there is no erosion. [SEP] There are no lakes , rivers , or even small puddles anywhere to be found on the Moons surface
There are no lakes, rivers, or even small puddles anywhere to be found on the Moons surface. So there is no running water and no atmosphere. This means that there is no erosion. [SEP] there is no running water and no atmosphere .
Temperatures are extreme. So it comes as no surprise that there has not been evidence of life on the Moon.  [SEP] Temperatures are extreme
Temperatures are extreme. So it comes as no surprise that there has not been evidence of life on the Moon.  [SEP] it comes as no surprise that there has not been evidence of life on the Moon .
The rock that makes up the highlands is lighter in color and crystallized more slowly than the maria. The rock looks light because it reflects more of the Suns light.  [SEP] it reflects more of the Suns light .
The rock that makes up the highlands is lighter in color and crystallized more slowly than the maria. The rock looks light because it reflects more of the Suns light.  [SEP] The rock looks light
Gravity on the Moon is only one-sixth as strong as it is on Earth. If you weigh 120 pounds on Earth, you would only weigh 20 pounds on the Moon. You can jump six times as high on the Moon as you can on Earth. [SEP] you weigh 120 pounds on Earth
Gravity on the Moon is only one-sixth as strong as it is on Earth. If you weigh 120 pounds on Earth, you would only weigh 20 pounds on the Moon. You can jump six times as high on the Moon as you can on Earth. [SEP] you would only weigh 20 pounds on the Moon .
The Moon rotates on its axis once for every orbit it makes around the Earth. What does this mean? This means that the same side of the Moon always faces Earth. [SEP] What does
The Moon rotates on its axis once for every orbit it makes around the Earth. What does this mean? This means that the same side of the Moon always faces Earth. [SEP] This
The craters are bowl-shaped basins on the Moons surface. Because the Moon has no water, wind, or weather, the craters remain unchanged. The Moons coldest temperatures are found deep in the craters. [SEP] the Moon has no water
The craters are bowl-shaped basins on the Moons surface. Because the Moon has no water, wind, or weather, the craters remain unchanged. The Moons coldest temperatures are found deep in the craters. [SEP] wind , or weather , the craters remain unchanged .
Astronauts footprints are now on the Moon. They will remain unchanged for thousands of years, because there is no wind, rain, or living thing to disturb them. Only a falling meteorite could destroy them. [SEP] there is no wind
Astronauts footprints are now on the Moon. They will remain unchanged for thousands of years, because there is no wind, rain, or living thing to disturb them. Only a falling meteorite could destroy them. [SEP] rain , or living thing to disturb them .
Plasma is superheated gas with an electrical charge. Because the Sun is made of gases, it does not have a defined outer boundary. Like Earth, the Sun has an internal structure. [SEP] the Sun is made of gases
Plasma is superheated gas with an electrical charge. Because the Sun is made of gases, it does not have a defined outer boundary. Like Earth, the Sun has an internal structure. [SEP] it does not have a defined outer boundary .
Then the number returns to a minimum again. Sunspots form because loops of the Suns magnetic field break through the surface. Sunspots usually occur in pairs. [SEP] loops of the Suns magnetic field break through the surface .
Then the number returns to a minimum again. Sunspots form because loops of the Suns magnetic field break through the surface. Sunspots usually occur in pairs. [SEP] Sunspots form
It only reflects light from the Sun. As the Moon moves around the Earth, we see different parts of the Moon lit up by the Sun. This causes the phases of the Moon. [SEP] the Moon moves around the Earth , we see different parts of the Moon lit up by the Sun .
It only reflects light from the Sun. As the Moon moves around the Earth, we see different parts of the Moon lit up by the Sun. This causes the phases of the Moon. [SEP] It only reflects light from the Sun .
This causes the phases of the Moon. As the Moon revolves around Earth, it changes from fully lit to completely dark and back again. A full moon occurs when the whole side facing Earth is lit. [SEP] the Moon revolves around Earth , it changes from fully lit to completely dark and back again .
This causes the phases of the Moon. As the Moon revolves around Earth, it changes from fully lit to completely dark and back again. A full moon occurs when the whole side facing Earth is lit. [SEP] This causes the phases of the Moon .
About one week later, the Moon enters the quarter-moon phase. Only half of the Moons lit surface is visible from Earth, so it appears as a half circle. When the Moon moves between Earth and the Sun, the side facing Earth is completely dark. [SEP] Only half of the Moons lit surface is visible from Earth
About one week later, the Moon enters the quarter-moon phase. Only half of the Moons lit surface is visible from Earth, so it appears as a half circle. When the Moon moves between Earth and the Sun, the side facing Earth is completely dark. [SEP] it appears as a half circle .
Sometimes you can just barely make out the outline of the new moon in the sky. This is because some sunlight reflects off the Earth and hits the Moon. Before and after the quarter-moon phases are the gibbous and crescent phases. [SEP] some sunlight reflects off the Earth and hits the Moon .
Sometimes you can just barely make out the outline of the new moon in the sky. This is because some sunlight reflects off the Earth and hits the Moon. Before and after the quarter-moon phases are the gibbous and crescent phases. [SEP] Sometimes you can just barely make out the outline of the new moon in the sky
When the Moon passes through Earths penumbra, it is a penumbral eclipse. Since Earths shadow is large, a lunar eclipse lasts for hours. Anyone with a view of the Moon can see a lunar eclipse. [SEP] Earths shadow is large
When the Moon passes through Earths penumbra, it is a penumbral eclipse. Since Earths shadow is large, a lunar eclipse lasts for hours. Anyone with a view of the Moon can see a lunar eclipse. [SEP] a lunar eclipse lasts for
When the Moons shadow completely blocks the Sun, it is a total solar eclipse (Figure 24.21). If only part of the Sun is out of view, it is a partial solar eclipse. Solar eclipses are rare events. [SEP] only part of the Sun is out of view
When the Moons shadow completely blocks the Sun, it is a total solar eclipse (Figure 24.21). If only part of the Sun is out of view, it is a partial solar eclipse. Solar eclipses are rare events. [SEP] it is a partial solar eclipse .
They usually only last a few minutes. That is because the Moons shadow only covers a very small area on Earth and Earth is turning very rapidly. Solar eclipses are amazing to experience. [SEP] the Moons shadow only covers a very small area on Earth and Earth is turning very rapidly .
They usually only last a few minutes. That is because the Moons shadow only covers a very small area on Earth and Earth is turning very rapidly. Solar eclipses are amazing to experience. [SEP] They usually only last a few minutes
It appears like night only strange. Birds may sing as they do at dusk. Stars become visible in the sky [SEP] they do at dusk .
It appears like night only strange. Birds may sing as they do at dusk. Stars become visible in the sky [SEP] Birds may sing
Unlike at night, the Sun is out. So during a solar eclipse, its easy to see the Suns corona and solar prominences. This NASA page will inform you on when solar eclipses are expected: http://eclipse.gsfc.nasa.gov/solar.html [SEP] Unlike at night , the Sun is out
Unlike at night, the Sun is out. So during a solar eclipse, its easy to see the Suns corona and solar prominences. This NASA page will inform you on when solar eclipses are expected: http://eclipse.gsfc.nasa.gov/solar.html [SEP] during a solar eclipse , its easy to see the Suns corona and solar prominences .
We call these planets extrasolar planets, or exoplanets. They are called exoplanets because they orbit a star other than the Sun. As of June 2013, 891 exoplanets have been found. [SEP] they orbit a star other than the Sun .
We call these planets extrasolar planets, or exoplanets. They are called exoplanets because they orbit a star other than the Sun. As of June 2013, 891 exoplanets have been found. [SEP] They are called exoplanets
They are called exoplanets because they orbit a star other than the Sun. As of June 2013, 891 exoplanets have been found. More exoplanets are found all the time. [SEP] of June 2013 , 891 exoplanets have been found .
They are called exoplanets because they orbit a star other than the Sun. As of June 2013, 891 exoplanets have been found. More exoplanets are found all the time. [SEP] They are called exoplanets because they orbit a star other than the Sun .
We have been able to take pictures of only a few exoplanets. Most are discovered because of some tell-tale signs. One sign is a very slight motion of a star that must be caused by the pull of a planet. [SEP] Most are discovered
We have been able to take pictures of only a few exoplanets. Most are discovered because of some tell-tale signs. One sign is a very slight motion of a star that must be caused by the pull of a planet. [SEP] . One sign is a very slight motion of a star that must be caused by the pull of a planet
One sign is a very slight motion of a star that must be caused by the pull of a planet. Another sign is the partial dimming of a stars light as the planet passes in front of it.  [SEP] the planet passes in front of it .
One sign is a very slight motion of a star that must be caused by the pull of a planet. Another sign is the partial dimming of a stars light as the planet passes in front of it.  [SEP] Another sign is the partial dimming of a stars light
Gravity caused the nebula to contract (Figure 25.6). As the nebula contracted, it started to spin. As it got smaller and smaller, it spun faster and faster. [SEP] the nebula contracted , it started to spin .
Gravity caused the nebula to contract (Figure 25.6). As the nebula contracted, it started to spin. As it got smaller and smaller, it spun faster and faster. [SEP] Gravity caused the nebula to contract -LRB- Figure 25.6 -RRB- .
As the nebula contracted, it started to spin. As it got smaller and smaller, it spun faster and faster. This is what happens when an ice skater pulls her arms to her sides during a spin move. [SEP] it got smaller and smaller , it spun faster and faster .
As the nebula contracted, it started to spin. As it got smaller and smaller, it spun faster and faster. This is what happens when an ice skater pulls her arms to her sides during a spin move. [SEP] As the nebula contracted , it started to spin .
Hydrogen, helium, water, ammonia, and methane were among them. Its so cold by Jupiter and beyond that these materials can form solid particles. Closer to the Sun, they are gases. [SEP] , helium , water , ammonia , and methane were among them . Its
Hydrogen, helium, water, ammonia, and methane were among them. Its so cold by Jupiter and beyond that these materials can form solid particles. Closer to the Sun, they are gases. [SEP] cold by Jupiter and beyond that these materials can form solid particles .
Closer to the Sun, they are gases. Since the gases can escape, the inner planets Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars formed from denser elements. These elements are solid even when close to the Sun. [SEP] the gases can escape
Closer to the Sun, they are gases. Since the gases can escape, the inner planets Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars formed from denser elements. These elements are solid even when close to the Sun. [SEP] the inner planets Mercury , Venus , Earth , and Mars formed from denser elements .
That force is far too weak for you to notice. You can feel the force of gravity between you and Earth because Earth has a lot of mass. The force of gravity between the Sun and planets is also very large. [SEP] Earth has a lot of mass .
That force is far too weak for you to notice. You can feel the force of gravity between you and Earth because Earth has a lot of mass. The force of gravity between the Sun and planets is also very large. [SEP] You can feel the force of gravity between you and Earth
The force of gravity between the Sun and planets is also very large. This is because the Sun and the planets are very large objects. Gravity is great enough to hold the planets to the Sun even though the distances between them are enormous. [SEP] the Sun and the planets are very large objects .
The force of gravity between the Sun and planets is also very large. This is because the Sun and the planets are very large objects. Gravity is great enough to hold the planets to the Sun even though the distances between them are enormous. [SEP] The force of gravity between the Sun and planets is also very large
In fact, the word planet comes from a Greek word meaning wanderer. These objects were thought to be important, so they named them after gods from their mythology. The names for the planets Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn came from the names of gods and a goddess. [SEP] These objects were thought to be important
In fact, the word planet comes from a Greek word meaning wanderer. These objects were thought to be important, so they named them after gods from their mythology. The names for the planets Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn came from the names of gods and a goddess. [SEP] they named them after gods from their mythology .
In 2006, these scientists decided what a planet is. According to the new definition, a planet must: Orbit a star. Be big enough that its own gravity causes it to be round. [SEP] the new definition
In 2006, these scientists decided what a planet is. According to the new definition, a planet must: Orbit a star. Be big enough that its own gravity causes it to be round. [SEP] a planet must : Orbit a star .
Have cleared the area of its orbit of smaller objects. If the first three are true but not the fourth, then that object is a dwarf planet. We now call Pluto a dwarf planet. [SEP] the first three are true but not the fourth
Have cleared the area of its orbit of smaller objects. If the first three are true but not the fourth, then that object is a dwarf planet. We now call Pluto a dwarf planet. [SEP] then that object is a dwarf planet .
He suggested that the Sun is at the center of the universe. Copernicus developed his model because it better explained the motions of the planets. Figure 25.2 shows both the Earth-centered and Sun-centered models. [SEP] it better explained the motions of the planets .
He suggested that the Sun is at the center of the universe. Copernicus developed his model because it better explained the motions of the planets. Figure 25.2 shows both the Earth-centered and Sun-centered models. [SEP] Copernicus developed his model
Each object in the sky was attached to one of these spheres. The object moved around Earth as that sphere rotated. These spheres contained the Moon, the Sun, and the five planets they recognized: Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. [SEP] that sphere rotated .
Each object in the sky was attached to one of these spheres. The object moved around Earth as that sphere rotated. These spheres contained the Moon, the Sun, and the five planets they recognized: Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. [SEP] The object moved around Earth
An outer sphere contained all the stars. The planets appear to move much faster than the stars, so the Greeks placed them closer to Earth. Ptolemy published this model of the solar system around 150 AD. [SEP] The planets appear to move much faster than the stars
An outer sphere contained all the stars. The planets appear to move much faster than the stars, so the Greeks placed them closer to Earth. Ptolemy published this model of the solar system around 150 AD. [SEP] the Greeks placed them closer to Earth .
Viewed from Earth, Mars is red. This is due to large amounts of iron in the soil. The ancient Greeks and Romans named the planet Mars after the god of war. [SEP] large amounts of iron in the soil
Viewed from Earth, Mars is red. This is due to large amounts of iron in the soil. The ancient Greeks and Romans named the planet Mars after the god of war. [SEP] Viewed from Earth , Mars is red
This means that there is much lower pressure at the surface. Mars also has a weak greenhouse effect, so temperatures are only slightly higher than they would be if the planet did not have an atmosphere. Mars is the easiest planet to observe. [SEP] Mars also has a weak greenhouse effect
This means that there is much lower pressure at the surface. Mars also has a weak greenhouse effect, so temperatures are only slightly higher than they would be if the planet did not have an atmosphere. Mars is the easiest planet to observe. [SEP] temperatures are only slightly higher than they would be if the planet did not have an atmosphere .
This means that there is much lower pressure at the surface. Mars also has a weak greenhouse effect, so temperatures are only slightly higher than they would be if the planet did not have an atmosphere. Mars is the easiest planet to observe. [SEP] the planet did not have an atmosphere .
This means that there is much lower pressure at the surface. Mars also has a weak greenhouse effect, so temperatures are only slightly higher than they would be if the planet did not have an atmosphere. Mars is the easiest planet to observe. [SEP] temperatures are only slightly higher than they would be
Mars is the easiest planet to observe. As a result, it has been studied more than any other planet besides Earth. People can stand on Earth and observe the planet through a telescope. [SEP] Mars is the easiest planet to observe
Mars is the easiest planet to observe. As a result, it has been studied more than any other planet besides Earth. People can stand on Earth and observe the planet through a telescope. [SEP] it has been studied more than any other planet besides Earth .
It takes Venus only 225 days to orbit the Sun. Because the orbit of Venus is inside Earths orbit, Venus always appears close to the Sun. You can see Venus rising early in the morning, just before the Sun rises. [SEP] the orbit of Venus is inside Earths orbit
It takes Venus only 225 days to orbit the Sun. Because the orbit of Venus is inside Earths orbit, Venus always appears close to the Sun. You can see Venus rising early in the morning, just before the Sun rises. [SEP] Venus always appears close to the Sun .
You can see Venus rising early in the morning, just before the Sun rises. For this reason, Venus is sometimes called the morning star. When it sets in the evening, just after the Sun sets, it may be called the evening star. [SEP] You can see Venus rising early in the morning , just before the Sun rises
You can see Venus rising early in the morning, just before the Sun rises. For this reason, Venus is sometimes called the morning star. When it sets in the evening, just after the Sun sets, it may be called the evening star. [SEP] Venus is sometimes called the morning star .
When it sets in the evening, just after the Sun sets, it may be called the evening star. Since planets only reflect the Suns light, Venus should not be called a star at all! Venus is very bright because its clouds reflect sunlight very well. [SEP] planets only reflect the Suns light
When it sets in the evening, just after the Sun sets, it may be called the evening star. Since planets only reflect the Suns light, Venus should not be called a star at all! Venus is very bright because its clouds reflect sunlight very well. [SEP] Venus should not be called a star at all !
Since planets only reflect the Suns light, Venus should not be called a star at all! Venus is very bright because its clouds reflect sunlight very well. Venus is the brightest object in the sky besides the Sun and the Moon. [SEP] its clouds reflect sunlight very well .
Since planets only reflect the Suns light, Venus should not be called a star at all! Venus is very bright because its clouds reflect sunlight very well. Venus is the brightest object in the sky besides the Sun and the Moon. [SEP] Venus is very bright
Earth is the third planet out from the Sun, shown in Figure 25.14. Because it is our planet, we know a lot more about Earth than we do about any other planet. What are main features of Earth? [SEP] it is our planet
Earth is the third planet out from the Sun, shown in Figure 25.14. Because it is our planet, we know a lot more about Earth than we do about any other planet. What are main features of Earth? [SEP] we know a lot more about Earth than we do about any other planet .
 Mercury is very close to the Sun, so it can get very hot. Mercury also has virtually no atmosphere. [SEP] Mercury is very close to the Sun
 Mercury is very close to the Sun, so it can get very hot. Mercury also has virtually no atmosphere. [SEP] it can get very hot .
Mercury also has virtually no atmosphere. As the planet rotates very slowly, the temperature varies tremendously. In direct sunlight, the surface can be as hot as 427C (801F). [SEP] the planet rotates very slowly , the temperature varies tremendously .
Mercury also has virtually no atmosphere. As the planet rotates very slowly, the temperature varies tremendously. In direct sunlight, the surface can be as hot as 427C (801F). [SEP] Mercury also has virtually no atmosphere .
The planet is also closest to the Sun and appears in Figure 25.7. As Figure 25.8 shows, the surface of Mercury is covered with craters, like Earths Moon. The presence of impact craters that are so old means that Mercury hasnt changed much geologically for billions of years. [SEP] Figure 25.8 shows , the surface of Mercury is covered with craters , like Earths Moon .
The planet is also closest to the Sun and appears in Figure 25.7. As Figure 25.8 shows, the surface of Mercury is covered with craters, like Earths Moon. The presence of impact craters that are so old means that Mercury hasnt changed much geologically for billions of years. [SEP] The planet is also closest to the Sun and appears in Figure 25.7 .
As Figure 25.8 shows, the surface of Mercury is covered with craters, like Earths Moon. The presence of impact craters that are so old means that Mercury hasnt changed much geologically for billions of years. With only a trace of an atmosphere, it has no weather to wear down the ancient craters. [SEP] The presence of impact craters that are so old
As Figure 25.8 shows, the surface of Mercury is covered with craters, like Earths Moon. The presence of impact craters that are so old means that Mercury hasnt changed much geologically for billions of years. With only a trace of an atmosphere, it has no weather to wear down the ancient craters. [SEP] Mercury hasnt changed much geologically for billions of years .
With only a trace of an atmosphere, it has no weather to wear down the ancient craters. Because Mercury is so close to the Sun, it is difficult to observe from Earth, even with a telescope. The Mariner 10 spacecraft did a flyby of Mercury in 19741975, which was the best data from the planet for decades. [SEP] Because Mercury is
With only a trace of an atmosphere, it has no weather to wear down the ancient craters. Because Mercury is so close to the Sun, it is difficult to observe from Earth, even with a telescope. The Mariner 10 spacecraft did a flyby of Mercury in 19741975, which was the best data from the planet for decades. [SEP] close to the Sun , it is difficult to observe from Earth , even with a telescope .
Mercury is named for the Roman messenger god. Mercury was a messenger because he could run extremely fast. The Greeks gave the planet this name because Mercury moves very quickly in its orbit around the Sun. [SEP] he could run extremely fast .
Mercury is named for the Roman messenger god. Mercury was a messenger because he could run extremely fast. The Greeks gave the planet this name because Mercury moves very quickly in its orbit around the Sun. [SEP] Mercury was a messenger
Mercury was a messenger because he could run extremely fast. The Greeks gave the planet this name because Mercury moves very quickly in its orbit around the Sun. Mercury orbits the Sun in just 88 Earth days. [SEP] Mercury moves very quickly in its orbit around the Sun .
Mercury was a messenger because he could run extremely fast. The Greeks gave the planet this name because Mercury moves very quickly in its orbit around the Sun. Mercury orbits the Sun in just 88 Earth days. [SEP] The Greeks gave the planet this name
Mercury rotates slowly on its axis, turning exactly three times for every two times it orbits the Sun. Therefore, each day on Mercury is 58 Earth days long.  [SEP] Mercury rotates slowly on its axis , turning exactly three times for every two times it orbits the Sun
Mercury rotates slowly on its axis, turning exactly three times for every two times it orbits the Sun. Therefore, each day on Mercury is 58 Earth days long.  [SEP] each day on Mercury is 58 Earth days long .
Water on Mars cant be a liquid. This is because the pressure of the atmosphere is too low. The planet does have a lot of water; it is in the form of ice. [SEP] the pressure of the atmosphere is too low .
Water on Mars cant be a liquid. This is because the pressure of the atmosphere is too low. The planet does have a lot of water; it is in the form of ice. [SEP] Water on Mars cant be a liquid
The Mars rover collected round clumps of crystals that, on Earth, usually form in water. If there was liquid water on Mars, life might have existed there in the past.  [SEP] there was liquid water on Mars
The Mars rover collected round clumps of crystals that, on Earth, usually form in water. If there was liquid water on Mars, life might have existed there in the past.  [SEP] life might have existed there in the past .
You can see the clouds in pictures of Venus, such as Figure 25.11. We make maps of the surface using radar, because the thick clouds wont allow us to take photographs of the surface of Venus. Figure 25.12 shows the topographical features of Venus. [SEP] the thick clouds wont allow us to take photographs of the surface of Venus .
You can see the clouds in pictures of Venus, such as Figure 25.11. We make maps of the surface using radar, because the thick clouds wont allow us to take photographs of the surface of Venus. Figure 25.12 shows the topographical features of Venus. [SEP] We make maps of the surface using radar
They are made of carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide and large amounts of corrosive sulfuric acid! The atmosphere of Venus is so thick that the pressure on the surface of Venus is very high. In fact, it is 90 times greater than the pressure at Earths surface! [SEP] The atmosphere of Venus is so thick
They are made of carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide and large amounts of corrosive sulfuric acid! The atmosphere of Venus is so thick that the pressure on the surface of Venus is very high. In fact, it is 90 times greater than the pressure at Earths surface! [SEP] the pressure on the surface of Venus is very high .
The thick atmosphere causes a strong greenhouse effect. As a result, Venus is the hottest planet. Even though it is farther from the Sun, Venus is much hotter even than Mercury. [SEP] thick atmosphere causes a strong greenhouse effect . As
The thick atmosphere causes a strong greenhouse effect. As a result, Venus is the hottest planet. Even though it is farther from the Sun, Venus is much hotter even than Mercury. [SEP] the hottest planet
The planet has 318 times the mass of Earth, and over 1,300 times Earths volume. So Jupiter is much less dense than Earth. Because Jupiter is so large, it reflects a lot of sunlight. [SEP] The planet has 318 times the mass of Earth , and over 1,300 times Earths volume
The planet has 318 times the mass of Earth, and over 1,300 times Earths volume. So Jupiter is much less dense than Earth. Because Jupiter is so large, it reflects a lot of sunlight. [SEP] Jupiter is much less dense than Earth .
So Jupiter is much less dense than Earth. Because Jupiter is so large, it reflects a lot of sunlight. When it is visible, it is the brightest object in the night sky besides the Moon and Venus. [SEP] Because Jupiter is
So Jupiter is much less dense than Earth. Because Jupiter is so large, it reflects a lot of sunlight. When it is visible, it is the brightest object in the night sky besides the Moon and Venus. [SEP] large , it reflects a lot of sunlight .
 Since Jupiter is a gas giant, could a spacecraft land on its surface? The answer is no. [SEP] Jupiter is a gas giant
 Since Jupiter is a gas giant, could a spacecraft land on its surface? The answer is no. [SEP] could a spacecraft land on its surface ?
Clouds in the storm rotate counterclockwise. They make one complete turn every six days or so. The Great Red Spot has been on Jupiter for at least 300 years. [SEP] They make one complete turn every six days or
Clouds in the storm rotate counterclockwise. They make one complete turn every six days or so. The Great Red Spot has been on Jupiter for at least 300 years. [SEP] . The Great Red Spot has been on Jupiter for at least 300 years
Jupiter has lots of moons. As of 2011, we have discovered over 60 natural satellites of Jupiter. Four are big enough and bright enough to be seen from Earth using a pair of binoculars. [SEP] of 2011 , we have discovered over 60 natural satellites of Jupiter .
Jupiter has lots of moons. As of 2011, we have discovered over 60 natural satellites of Jupiter. Four are big enough and bright enough to be seen from Earth using a pair of binoculars. [SEP] Jupiter has lots of moons .
Europa is heated by Jupiter. Jupiters tidal forces are so great that they stretch and squash its moon. This could produce enough heat for there to be liquid water. [SEP] Jupiters tidal forces are so great
Europa is heated by Jupiter. Jupiters tidal forces are so great that they stretch and squash its moon. This could produce enough heat for there to be liquid water. [SEP] they stretch and squash its moon .
Saturn is actually less dense than water. This means that if there were a bathtub big enough, Saturn would float! In Roman mythology, Saturn was the father of Jupiter. [SEP] there were a bathtub big enough
Saturn is actually less dense than water. This means that if there were a bathtub big enough, Saturn would float! In Roman mythology, Saturn was the father of Jupiter. [SEP] Saturn would float !
The rings appear tilted. This is because Saturn is tilted about 27 degrees to its side. The Voyager 1 spacecraft visited Saturn in 1980. [SEP] Saturn is tilted about 27 degrees to its side .
The rings appear tilted. This is because Saturn is tilted about 27 degrees to its side. The Voyager 1 spacecraft visited Saturn in 1980. [SEP] The rings appear tilted
Some of the very small moons are found within the rings. All the particles in the rings are like little moons, because they orbit around Saturn. Someone must decide which ones are large enough to call moons. [SEP] they orbit around Saturn .
Some of the very small moons are found within the rings. All the particles in the rings are like little moons, because they orbit around Saturn. Someone must decide which ones are large enough to call moons. [SEP] All the particles in the rings are like little moons
The planet was first discovered with a telescope by the astronomer William Herschel in 1781. Uranus is faint because it is very far away. Its distance from the Sun is 2.8 billion kilometers (1.8 billion miles). [SEP] it is very far away .
The planet was first discovered with a telescope by the astronomer William Herschel in 1781. Uranus is faint because it is very far away. Its distance from the Sun is 2.8 billion kilometers (1.8 billion miles). [SEP] Uranus is faint
Scientists think Triton did not form around Neptune. The satellite was captured by Neptunes gravity as it passed by.  [SEP] it passed by .
Scientists think Triton did not form around Neptune. The satellite was captured by Neptunes gravity as it passed by.  [SEP] The satellite was captured by Neptunes gravity
Astronomers believe that both of these spots represent gaps in the methane clouds on Neptune. Neptunes appearance changes due to its turbulent atmosphere. Winds are stronger than on any other planet in the solar system. [SEP] its turbulent atmosphere
Astronomers believe that both of these spots represent gaps in the methane clouds on Neptune. Neptunes appearance changes due to its turbulent atmosphere. Winds are stronger than on any other planet in the solar system. [SEP] Neptunes appearance changes
The rapid winds surprised astronomers. This is because Neptune receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems. It is not surprising that Neptune is one of the coldest places in the solar system. [SEP] Neptune receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems .
The rapid winds surprised astronomers. This is because Neptune receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems. It is not surprising that Neptune is one of the coldest places in the solar system. [SEP] The rapid winds surprised astronomers
Uranus did not always appear exactly where it should. They said this was because a planet beyond Uranus was pulling on it. This gravitational pull was affecting its orbit. [SEP] a planet beyond Uranus was pulling on it .
Uranus did not always appear exactly where it should. They said this was because a planet beyond Uranus was pulling on it. This gravitational pull was affecting its orbit. [SEP] They said
It was just where scientists predicted it would be! Due to its blue color, the planet was named Neptune for the Roman god of the sea. Uranus and Neptune are often considered sister planets. [SEP] its blue color
It was just where scientists predicted it would be! Due to its blue color, the planet was named Neptune for the Roman god of the sea. Uranus and Neptune are often considered sister planets. [SEP] the planet was named Neptune for the Roman god of the sea .
However, Uranus is tilted on its side. So the rings are almost perpendicular to the planets orbit. We have discovered 27 moons around Uranus. [SEP] However , Uranus is tilted on its side
However, Uranus is tilted on its side. So the rings are almost perpendicular to the planets orbit. We have discovered 27 moons around Uranus. [SEP] the rings are almost perpendicular to the planets orbit .
Its axis is almost parallel to its orbit. So Uranus rolls along like a bowling ball as it revolves around the Sun. How did Uranus get this way? [SEP] Its axis is almost parallel to its orbit
Its axis is almost parallel to its orbit. So Uranus rolls along like a bowling ball as it revolves around the Sun. How did Uranus get this way? [SEP] Uranus rolls along like a bowling ball as it revolves around the Sun .
These materials include water, ammonia, and methane. Uranus is also different because of its blue-green color. Clouds of methane filter out red light. [SEP] Uranus is also different
These materials include water, ammonia, and methane. Uranus is also different because of its blue-green color. Clouds of methane filter out red light. [SEP] . Clouds of methane filter out red light
These clouds are hard to see in normal light. The result is that the planet looks like a plain blue ball. Uranus is the least massive outer planet. [SEP] These clouds are hard to see in normal light
These clouds are hard to see in normal light. The result is that the planet looks like a plain blue ball. Uranus is the least massive outer planet. [SEP] the planet looks like a plain blue ball .
Gravity is actually weaker than on Earths surface. If you were at the top of the clouds on Uranus, you would weigh about 10 percent less than what you weigh on Earth.  [SEP] you were at the top of the clouds on Uranus
Gravity is actually weaker than on Earths surface. If you were at the top of the clouds on Uranus, you would weigh about 10 percent less than what you weigh on Earth.  [SEP] you would weigh about 10 percent less than what you weigh on Earth .
A meteoroid is dragged towards Earth by gravity and enters the atmosphere. Friction with the atmosphere heats the object quickly, so it starts to vaporize. As it flies through the atmosphere, it leaves a trail of glowing gases. [SEP] Friction with the atmosphere heats the object quickly
A meteoroid is dragged towards Earth by gravity and enters the atmosphere. Friction with the atmosphere heats the object quickly, so it starts to vaporize. As it flies through the atmosphere, it leaves a trail of glowing gases. [SEP] it starts to vaporize .
Friction with the atmosphere heats the object quickly, so it starts to vaporize. As it flies through the atmosphere, it leaves a trail of glowing gases. The object is now a meteor. [SEP] it flies through the atmosphere , it leaves a trail of glowing gases .
Friction with the atmosphere heats the object quickly, so it starts to vaporize. As it flies through the atmosphere, it leaves a trail of glowing gases. The object is now a meteor. [SEP] with the atmosphere heats the object quickly , so it starts to vaporize .
 If you look at the sky on a dark night, you may see a meteor, like in Figure 25.33. A meteor forms a streak of light across the sky. [SEP] you look at the sky on a dark night
 If you look at the sky on a dark night, you may see a meteor, like in Figure 25.33. A meteor forms a streak of light across the sky. [SEP] you may see a meteor , like in Figure 25.33 .
A meteor forms a streak of light across the sky. People call them shooting stars because thats what they look like. But meteors are not stars at all. [SEP] thats what they look
A meteor forms a streak of light across the sky. People call them shooting stars because thats what they look like. But meteors are not stars at all. [SEP] People call them shooting stars
But meteors are not stars at all. The light you see comes from a small piece of matter burning up as it flies through Earths atmosphere.  [SEP] it flies through Earths atmosphere .
But meteors are not stars at all. The light you see comes from a small piece of matter burning up as it flies through Earths atmosphere.  [SEP] The light you see comes from a small piece of matter burning up
Scientists are very interested in asteroids. Most are composed of material that has not changed since early in the solar system. Scientists can learn a lot from them about how the solar system formed. [SEP] early in the solar system . Scientists can learn a lot from them about how the solar system formed
Scientists are very interested in asteroids. Most are composed of material that has not changed since early in the solar system. Scientists can learn a lot from them about how the solar system formed. [SEP] Most are composed of material that has not changed
The shape of the orbit is like a long, narrow ellipse. Plutos orbit is so elliptical that sometimes it is inside the orbit of Neptune. Plutos orbit is in the Kuiper belt. [SEP] Plutos orbit is so elliptical
The shape of the orbit is like a long, narrow ellipse. Plutos orbit is so elliptical that sometimes it is inside the orbit of Neptune. Plutos orbit is in the Kuiper belt. [SEP] sometimes it is inside the orbit of Neptune .
These objects had not cleared their orbits of smaller objects. They didnt have enough gravity to do so. Astronomers made a category called dwarf planets. [SEP] They didnt have enough gravity to do
These objects had not cleared their orbits of smaller objects. They didnt have enough gravity to do so. Astronomers made a category called dwarf planets. [SEP] . Astronomers made a category called dwarf planets
Its gravity was not high enough to clear its orbit. Ceres fails the fourth criterion for being a planet. Ceres is now considered a dwarf planet along with Pluto. [SEP] being a planet
Its gravity was not high enough to clear its orbit. Ceres fails the fourth criterion for being a planet. Ceres is now considered a dwarf planet along with Pluto. [SEP] Ceres fails the fourth criterion
Comets are very hard to see except when they have comas and tails. That is why they appear only when they are near the Sun. They disappear again as they move back to the outer solar system. [SEP] Comets are very hard to see except when they have comas and tails
Comets are very hard to see except when they have comas and tails. That is why they appear only when they are near the Sun. They disappear again as they move back to the outer solar system. [SEP] they appear only when they are near the Sun .
That is why they appear only when they are near the Sun. They disappear again as they move back to the outer solar system. The time between one visit from a comet and the next is called the comets period. [SEP] they move back to the outer solar system .
That is why they appear only when they are near the Sun. They disappear again as they move back to the outer solar system. The time between one visit from a comet and the next is called the comets period. [SEP] They disappear again
The bodys orbit is tilted 28. Haumea is so far from the Sun that it takes 283 years to make one orbit (Figure 25.38). Haumea is the third-brightest Kuiper Belt object. [SEP] Haumea is so far
The bodys orbit is tilted 28. Haumea is so far from the Sun that it takes 283 years to make one orbit (Figure 25.38). Haumea is the third-brightest Kuiper Belt object. [SEP] it takes 283 years to make one orbit -LRB- Figure 25.38 -RRB- .
Astronomers keep looking for near-Earth asteroids. They hope to predict a possible collision early so they can to try to stop it.  [SEP] They hope to predict a possible collision early
Astronomers keep looking for near-Earth asteroids. They hope to predict a possible collision early so they can to try to stop it.  [SEP] they can to try to stop it .
Asteroids orbit the Sun, but they are more like giant rocks than planets. Since they are small, they do not have enough gravity to become round. They are too small to have an atmosphere. [SEP] they are small
Asteroids orbit the Sun, but they are more like giant rocks than planets. Since they are small, they do not have enough gravity to become round. They are too small to have an atmosphere. [SEP] they do not have enough gravity to become
With no internal heat, they are not geologically active. An asteroid can only change due to a collision. A collision may cause the asteroid to break up. [SEP] a collision
With no internal heat, they are not geologically active. An asteroid can only change due to a collision. A collision may cause the asteroid to break up. [SEP] An asteroid can only change
It may create craters on the asteroids surface. An asteroid may strike a planet if it comes near enough to be pulled in by its gravity. Figure 25.31 shows a typical asteroid. [SEP] it comes near enough to be pulled in by its gravity .
It may create craters on the asteroids surface. An asteroid may strike a planet if it comes near enough to be pulled in by its gravity. Figure 25.31 shows a typical asteroid. [SEP] An asteroid may strike a planet
But Eris is about 3 times farther from the Sun than Pluto. Because of its distance, Eris was not discovered until 2005. Early on, it was thought that Eris might be the tenth planet. [SEP] But Eris is about 3 times farther from the Sun than Pluto
But Eris is about 3 times farther from the Sun than Pluto. Because of its distance, Eris was not discovered until 2005. Early on, it was thought that Eris might be the tenth planet. [SEP] , Eris was not discovered until 2005 .
The air a few inches above the coil begins to feel warm. As the coil gets hotter, it starts to glow a dull red. As it gets even hotter, it becomes a brighter red. [SEP] the coil gets hotter , it starts to glow a dull red .
The air a few inches above the coil begins to feel warm. As the coil gets hotter, it starts to glow a dull red. As it gets even hotter, it becomes a brighter red. [SEP] The air a few inches above the coil begins to feel warm .
As the coil gets hotter, it starts to glow a dull red. As it gets even hotter, it becomes a brighter red. Next it turns orange. [SEP] it gets even hotter , it becomes a brighter red .
As the coil gets hotter, it starts to glow a dull red. As it gets even hotter, it becomes a brighter red. Next it turns orange. [SEP] As the coil gets hotter , it starts to glow a dull red .
Next it turns orange. If it gets extremely hot, it might look yellow-white, or even blue-white. Like a coil on a stove, a stars color is determined by the temperature of the stars surface. [SEP] it gets extremely hot
Next it turns orange. If it gets extremely hot, it might look yellow-white, or even blue-white. Like a coil on a stove, a stars color is determined by the temperature of the stars surface. [SEP] it might look yellow-white , or even blue-white .
Each class of star is given a letter, a color, and a range of temperatures. The letters dont match the color names because stars were first grouped as A through O. It wasnt until later that their order was corrected to go by increasing temperature. [SEP] stars were first grouped as A through
Each class of star is given a letter, a color, and a range of temperatures. The letters dont match the color names because stars were first grouped as A through O. It wasnt until later that their order was corrected to go by increasing temperature. [SEP] The letters dont match the color names
laris B. What we see in the night sky as the single star Polaris, we also known as the North Star. G Yellow 5,5006,000 [SEP] the single star Polaris , we also known as the North
laris B. What we see in the night sky as the single star Polaris, we also known as the North Star. G Yellow 5,5006,000 [SEP] we see in the night sky
The blue star in the lower right is the Class B star Rigel. The surface temperature of most stars is due to its size. Bigger stars produce more energy, so their surfaces are hotter. [SEP] its size
The blue star in the lower right is the Class B star Rigel. The surface temperature of most stars is due to its size. Bigger stars produce more energy, so their surfaces are hotter. [SEP] The surface temperature of most stars
The surface temperature of most stars is due to its size. Bigger stars produce more energy, so their surfaces are hotter. But some very small stars are very hot. [SEP] Bigger stars produce more energy
The surface temperature of most stars is due to its size. Bigger stars produce more energy, so their surfaces are hotter. But some very small stars are very hot. [SEP] their surfaces are hotter .
However, each night the constellations move across the sky. They move because Earth is spinning on its axis. The constellations also move with the seasons. [SEP] Earth is spinning on its axis .
However, each night the constellations move across the sky. They move because Earth is spinning on its axis. The constellations also move with the seasons. [SEP] They move
The constellations also move with the seasons. This is because Earth revolves around the Sun. Different constellations are up in the winter than in the summer. [SEP] Earth revolves around the Sun .
The constellations also move with the seasons. This is because Earth revolves around the Sun. Different constellations are up in the winter than in the summer. [SEP] The constellations also move with the seasons
The Sun is just an ordinary star, but it appears much bigger and brighter than any of the other stars. Of course, this is just because it is very close. Some other stars produce much more energy than the Sun. [SEP] it is very close .
The Sun is just an ordinary star, but it appears much bigger and brighter than any of the other stars. Of course, this is just because it is very close. Some other stars produce much more energy than the Sun. [SEP] Sun is just an ordinary star , but it appears much bigger and brighter than any of the other stars . Of course
 Stars shine because of nuclear fusion. Fusion reactions in the Suns core keep our nearest star burning. [SEP] Stars shine
 Stars shine because of nuclear fusion. Fusion reactions in the Suns core keep our nearest star burning. [SEP] . Fusion reactions in the Suns core keep our nearest star burning
Both are very lightweight gases. A star contains so much hydrogen and helium that the weight of these gases is enormous. The pressure at the center of a star is great enough to heat the gases. [SEP] A star contains so much
Both are very lightweight gases. A star contains so much hydrogen and helium that the weight of these gases is enormous. The pressure at the center of a star is great enough to heat the gases. [SEP] the weight of these gases is enormous .
This causes nuclear fusion reactions. A nuclear fusion reaction is named that because the nuclei (center) of two atoms fuse (join) together. In stars like our Sun, two hydrogen atoms join together to create a helium atom. [SEP] the nuclei -LRB- center -RRB- of two atoms fuse -LRB- join -RRB- together .
This causes nuclear fusion reactions. A nuclear fusion reaction is named that because the nuclei (center) of two atoms fuse (join) together. In stars like our Sun, two hydrogen atoms join together to create a helium atom. [SEP] A nuclear fusion reaction is named that
Nuclear fusion reactions need a lot of energy to get started. Once they begin, they produce even more energy.  [SEP] they begin
Nuclear fusion reactions need a lot of energy to get started. Once they begin, they produce even more energy.  [SEP] they produce even more energy .
For a star to form, gravity pulls gas and dust into the center of the nebula. As the material becomes denser, the pressure and the temperature increase. When the temperature of the center becomes hot enough, nuclear fusion begins. [SEP] the material becomes denser , the pressure and the temperature increase .
For a star to form, gravity pulls gas and dust into the center of the nebula. As the material becomes denser, the pressure and the temperature increase. When the temperature of the center becomes hot enough, nuclear fusion begins. [SEP] For a star to form , gravity pulls gas and dust into the center of the nebula .
The stars outer layers spread out and cool. The result is a larger star that is cooler on the surface, and red in color. Eventually a red giant burns up all of the helium in its core. [SEP] The stars outer layers spread out and cool
The stars outer layers spread out and cool. The result is a larger star that is cooler on the surface, and red in color. Eventually a red giant burns up all of the helium in its core. [SEP] a larger star that is cooler on the surface , and red in color
Our Sun has been a main sequence star for about 5 billion years. As a medium-sized star, it will continue to shine for about 5 billion more years. Large stars burn through their supply of hydrogen very quickly. [SEP] a medium-sized star , it will continue to shine for about 5 billion more years .
Our Sun has been a main sequence star for about 5 billion years. As a medium-sized star, it will continue to shine for about 5 billion more years. Large stars burn through their supply of hydrogen very quickly. [SEP] Our Sun has been a main sequence star for about 5 billion years .
This material is extremely dense. If the core is less than about four times the mass of the Sun, the star will become a neutron star. A neutron star is shown in Figure 26.4. [SEP] the core is less than about four times the mass of the Sun
This material is extremely dense. If the core is less than about four times the mass of the Sun, the star will become a neutron star. A neutron star is shown in Figure 26.4. [SEP] the star will become a neutron star .
A neutron star has more mass than the Sun, yet it is only a few kilometers in diameter. If the core remaining after a supernova is more than about 5 times the mass of the Sun, the core collapses to become a black hole. Black holes are so dense that not even light can escape their gravity. [SEP] the core remaining after a supernova is more than about 5 times the mass of the Sun
A neutron star has more mass than the Sun, yet it is only a few kilometers in diameter. If the core remaining after a supernova is more than about 5 times the mass of the Sun, the core collapses to become a black hole. Black holes are so dense that not even light can escape their gravity. [SEP] the core collapses to become a black hole .
If the core remaining after a supernova is more than about 5 times the mass of the Sun, the core collapses to become a black hole. Black holes are so dense that not even light can escape their gravity. For that reason, we cant see black holes. [SEP] Black holes are so dense
If the core remaining after a supernova is more than about 5 times the mass of the Sun, the core collapses to become a black hole. Black holes are so dense that not even light can escape their gravity. For that reason, we cant see black holes. [SEP] not even light can escape their gravity .
Black holes are so dense that not even light can escape their gravity. For that reason, we cant see black holes. How can we know something exists if radiation cant escape it? [SEP] Black holes are so dense that not even light can escape their gravity
Black holes are so dense that not even light can escape their gravity. For that reason, we cant see black holes. How can we know something exists if radiation cant escape it? [SEP] we cant see black holes .
For that reason, we cant see black holes. How can we know something exists if radiation cant escape it? We know a black hole is there by the effect that it has on objects around it. [SEP] radiation cant escape it ?
For that reason, we cant see black holes. How can we know something exists if radiation cant escape it? We know a black hole is there by the effect that it has on objects around it. [SEP] can we know something exists
For distant stars, they use the stars brightness. For example, if a star is like the Sun, it should be about as bright as the Sun. They then figure out the stars distance from Earth by measuring how much less bright it is than expected. [SEP] a star is like the Sun
For distant stars, they use the stars brightness. For example, if a star is like the Sun, it should be about as bright as the Sun. They then figure out the stars distance from Earth by measuring how much less bright it is than expected. [SEP] it should be about as bright as the Sun .
For example, if a star is like the Sun, it should be about as bright as the Sun. They then figure out the stars distance from Earth by measuring how much less bright it is than expected.  [SEP] measuring how much less bright it is than expected
For example, if a star is like the Sun, it should be about as bright as the Sun. They then figure out the stars distance from Earth by measuring how much less bright it is than expected.  [SEP] They then figure out the stars distance from Earth
Giant elliptical galaxies contain over a trillion stars. Elliptical galaxies are red to yellow in color because they contain mostly old stars. Most contain very little gas and dust because the material has already formed into stars. [SEP] they contain mostly old stars .
Giant elliptical galaxies contain over a trillion stars. Elliptical galaxies are red to yellow in color because they contain mostly old stars. Most contain very little gas and dust because the material has already formed into stars. [SEP] Elliptical galaxies are red to yellow in color
Elliptical galaxies are red to yellow in color because they contain mostly old stars. Most contain very little gas and dust because the material has already formed into stars.  [SEP] the material has already formed into stars .
Elliptical galaxies are red to yellow in color because they contain mostly old stars. Most contain very little gas and dust because the material has already formed into stars.  [SEP] Most contain very little gas and dust
 Galaxies are divided into three types, according to shape. There are spiral galaxies, elliptical galaxies, and irregular galaxies. [SEP] shape
 Galaxies are divided into three types, according to shape. There are spiral galaxies, elliptical galaxies, and irregular galaxies. [SEP] Galaxies are divided into three types
We are a little more than halfway out from the center of the Galaxy to the edge, as shown in Figure 26.13. Our solar system orbits the center of the galaxy as the galaxy spins. One orbit of the solar system takes about 225 to 250 million years. [SEP] the galaxy spins .
We are a little more than halfway out from the center of the Galaxy to the edge, as shown in Figure 26.13. Our solar system orbits the center of the galaxy as the galaxy spins. One orbit of the solar system takes about 225 to 250 million years. [SEP] We are a little more than halfway out from the center of the Galaxy to the edge , as shown in Figure 26.13 . Our solar system orbits the center of the galaxy
It doesnt look like either! If a galaxy is not spiral or elliptical, it is an irregular galaxy. Most irregular galaxies have been deformed. [SEP] a galaxy is not spiral or elliptical
It doesnt look like either! If a galaxy is not spiral or elliptical, it is an irregular galaxy. Most irregular galaxies have been deformed. [SEP] it is an irregular galaxy .
 If you get away from city lights and look up in the sky on a very clear night, you will see something spectacular. A band of milky light stretches across the sky, as in Figure 26.12. [SEP] you get away from city lights and look up in the sky on a very clear night
 If you get away from city lights and look up in the sky on a very clear night, you will see something spectacular. A band of milky light stretches across the sky, as in Figure 26.12. [SEP] you will see something spectacular .
This is the galaxy where we all live. The Milky Way Galaxy looks different to us than other galaxies because our view is from inside of it!  [SEP] our view is from inside of it !
This is the galaxy where we all live. The Milky Way Galaxy looks different to us than other galaxies because our view is from inside of it!  [SEP] The Milky Way Galaxy looks different to us than other galaxies
This molten material is called magma. As it cools, crystals grow, forming an igneous rock. The crystals will grow larger if the magma cools slowly, as it does if it remains deep within the Earth. [SEP] it cools , crystals grow , forming an igneous rock .
This molten material is called magma. As it cools, crystals grow, forming an igneous rock. The crystals will grow larger if the magma cools slowly, as it does if it remains deep within the Earth. [SEP] This molten material is called magma .
As it cools, crystals grow, forming an igneous rock. The crystals will grow larger if the magma cools slowly, as it does if it remains deep within the Earth. If the magma cools quickly, the crystals will be very small. [SEP] it does if it remains deep within the Earth .
As it cools, crystals grow, forming an igneous rock. The crystals will grow larger if the magma cools slowly, as it does if it remains deep within the Earth. If the magma cools quickly, the crystals will be very small. [SEP] The crystals will grow larger if the magma cools slowly
As it cools, crystals grow, forming an igneous rock. The crystals will grow larger if the magma cools slowly, as it does if it remains deep within the Earth. If the magma cools quickly, the crystals will be very small. [SEP] it remains deep within the Earth .
As it cools, crystals grow, forming an igneous rock. The crystals will grow larger if the magma cools slowly, as it does if it remains deep within the Earth. If the magma cools quickly, the crystals will be very small. [SEP] it does
As it cools, crystals grow, forming an igneous rock. The crystals will grow larger if the magma cools slowly, as it does if it remains deep within the Earth. If the magma cools quickly, the crystals will be very small. [SEP] the magma cools slowly
As it cools, crystals grow, forming an igneous rock. The crystals will grow larger if the magma cools slowly, as it does if it remains deep within the Earth. If the magma cools quickly, the crystals will be very small. [SEP] The crystals will grow larger
The crystals will grow larger if the magma cools slowly, as it does if it remains deep within the Earth. If the magma cools quickly, the crystals will be very small. Weathering and erosion. [SEP] the magma cools quickly
The crystals will grow larger if the magma cools slowly, as it does if it remains deep within the Earth. If the magma cools quickly, the crystals will be very small. Weathering and erosion. [SEP] the crystals will be very small .
This long word means to change form. A rock undergoes metamorphism if it is exposed to extreme heat and pressure within the crust. With metamorphism, the rock does not melt all the way. [SEP] it is exposed to extreme heat and pressure within the crust .
This long word means to change form. A rock undergoes metamorphism if it is exposed to extreme heat and pressure within the crust. With metamorphism, the rock does not melt all the way. [SEP] A rock undergoes metamorphism
With metamorphism, the rock does not melt all the way. The rock changes due to heat and pressure. A metamorphic rock may have a new mineral composition and/or texture. [SEP] heat and pressure
With metamorphism, the rock does not melt all the way. The rock changes due to heat and pressure. A metamorphic rock may have a new mineral composition and/or texture. [SEP] The rock changes
Rocks are made of minerals. The minerals may be so tiny that you can only see them with a microscope. The minerals may be really large. [SEP] The minerals may be so tiny
Rocks are made of minerals. The minerals may be so tiny that you can only see them with a microscope. The minerals may be really large. [SEP] you can only see them with a microscope .
Remember that different minerals form under different environmental conditions. So the minerals in a rock contain clues about the conditions in which the rock formed (Figure 4.2).  [SEP] Remember that different minerals form under different environmental conditions
Remember that different minerals form under different environmental conditions. So the minerals in a rock contain clues about the conditions in which the rock formed (Figure 4.2).  [SEP] the minerals in a rock contain clues about the conditions in which the rock formed -LRB- Figure 4.2 -RRB- .
Extrusive igneous rocks form above the surface. The lava cools quickly as it pours out onto the surface (Figure  [SEP] it pours out onto the surface -LRB- Figure
Extrusive igneous rocks form above the surface. The lava cools quickly as it pours out onto the surface (Figure  [SEP] The lava cools quickly
Then the next layer is deposited on top of that layer. So each layer in a sedimentary rock is younger than the layer under it. It is older than the layer over it. [SEP] Then the next layer is deposited on top of that layer
Then the next layer is deposited on top of that layer. So each layer in a sedimentary rock is younger than the layer under it. It is older than the layer over it. [SEP] each layer in a sedimentary rock is younger than the layer under it .
The new minerals are more stable in the new environment. Extreme pressure may lead to physical changes like foliation. Foliation forms as the rocks are squeezed. [SEP] Extreme pressure
The new minerals are more stable in the new environment. Extreme pressure may lead to physical changes like foliation. Foliation forms as the rocks are squeezed. [SEP] physical changes like foliation
Extreme pressure may lead to physical changes like foliation. Foliation forms as the rocks are squeezed. If pressure is exerted from one direction, the rock forms layers. [SEP] the rocks are squeezed .
Extreme pressure may lead to physical changes like foliation. Foliation forms as the rocks are squeezed. If pressure is exerted from one direction, the rock forms layers. [SEP] Extreme pressure may lead to physical changes like foliation . Foliation forms
Foliation forms as the rocks are squeezed. If pressure is exerted from one direction, the rock forms layers. This is foliation. [SEP] pressure is exerted from one direction
Foliation forms as the rocks are squeezed. If pressure is exerted from one direction, the rock forms layers. This is foliation. [SEP] the rock forms layers .
This is foliation. If pressure is exerted from all directions, the rock usually does not show foliation. There are two main types of metamorphism: 1. [SEP] pressure is exerted from all directions
This is foliation. If pressure is exerted from all directions, the rock usually does not show foliation. There are two main types of metamorphism: 1. [SEP] the rock usually does not show foliation .
The minerals in hornfels separate by density. The result is that the rock becomes banded. Gneiss forms by regional metamorphism from extremely high temperature and pressure. [SEP] The minerals in hornfels separate by density
The minerals in hornfels separate by density. The result is that the rock becomes banded. Gneiss forms by regional metamorphism from extremely high temperature and pressure. [SEP] the rock becomes banded .
Your body gets its energy from food, but that is only a small part of the energy you use every day. Cooking your food takes energy, and so does keeping it cold in the refrigerator or the freezer. The same is true for heating or cooling your home. [SEP] Cooking your food takes energy
Your body gets its energy from food, but that is only a small part of the energy you use every day. Cooking your food takes energy, and so does keeping it cold in the refrigerator or the freezer. The same is true for heating or cooling your home. [SEP] does keeping it cold in the refrigerator or the freezer .
Cooking your food takes energy, and so does keeping it cold in the refrigerator or the freezer. The same is true for heating or cooling your home. Whether you are turning on a light in the kitchen or riding in a car to school, you are using energy. [SEP] heating or cooling your home
Cooking your food takes energy, and so does keeping it cold in the refrigerator or the freezer. The same is true for heating or cooling your home. Whether you are turning on a light in the kitchen or riding in a car to school, you are using energy. [SEP] The same is true
Whether you are turning on a light in the kitchen or riding in a car to school, you are using energy. Billions of people all around the world use energy, so there is a huge demand for resources to provide all of this energy. Why do we need so much energy? [SEP] Billions of people all around the world use energy
Whether you are turning on a light in the kitchen or riding in a car to school, you are using energy. Billions of people all around the world use energy, so there is a huge demand for resources to provide all of this energy. Why do we need so much energy? [SEP] there is a huge demand for resources to provide all of this energy .
Billions of people all around the world use energy, so there is a huge demand for resources to provide all of this energy. Why do we need so much energy? The main reason is that almost everything that happens on Earth involves energy. [SEP] Why do we need
Billions of people all around the world use energy, so there is a huge demand for resources to provide all of this energy. Why do we need so much energy? The main reason is that almost everything that happens on Earth involves energy. [SEP] much energy ? The main reason is that almost everything that happens on Earth involves energy
Why do we need so much energy? The main reason is that almost everything that happens on Earth involves energy.  [SEP] almost everything that happens on Earth involves energy .
Why do we need so much energy? The main reason is that almost everything that happens on Earth involves energy.  [SEP] Why do we need so much energy ?
Is there a practical way to turn the resource into useful form of energy? For example, it is not practical if we dont get much more energy from burning a fuel than we put into making it. What happens when we turn the resource into energy? [SEP] we dont get much more energy from burning a fuel than we put into making it .
Is there a practical way to turn the resource into useful form of energy? For example, it is not practical if we dont get much more energy from burning a fuel than we put into making it. What happens when we turn the resource into energy? [SEP] For example , it is not practical
Where does the food get its energy? If youre eating a plant, then the energy comes directly from the Sun. If youre eating an animal, then the energy comes from a plant that got its energy from the Sun. [SEP] youre eating a plant
Where does the food get its energy? If youre eating a plant, then the energy comes directly from the Sun. If youre eating an animal, then the energy comes from a plant that got its energy from the Sun. [SEP] the energy comes directly from the Sun .
If youre eating a plant, then the energy comes directly from the Sun. If youre eating an animal, then the energy comes from a plant that got its energy from the Sun. Your body breaks down the food. [SEP] youre eating an animal
If youre eating a plant, then the energy comes directly from the Sun. If youre eating an animal, then the energy comes from a plant that got its energy from the Sun. Your body breaks down the food. [SEP] the energy comes from a plant that got its energy from the Sun .
Heat from a fire can boil a pot of water. If you put an egg in the pot, you can eat a hard boiled egg in 15 minutes (cool it down first!). The energy to cook the egg was stored in the wood. [SEP] you put an egg in the pot
Heat from a fire can boil a pot of water. If you put an egg in the pot, you can eat a hard boiled egg in 15 minutes (cool it down first!). The energy to cook the egg was stored in the wood. [SEP] you can eat a hard boiled egg in 15 minutes -LRB- cool it down first ! -RRB- .
The fire burns as long as there is energy in the wood. Once the wood has burned up, there is no energy left in it. The fire goes out. [SEP] the wood has burned up
The fire burns as long as there is energy in the wood. Once the wood has burned up, there is no energy left in it. The fire goes out. [SEP] there is no energy left in it .
What makes energy available whenever you need it? If you unplug a lamp, the light goes off. The lamp does not have a supply of energy to keep itself lit. [SEP] you unplug a lamp
What makes energy available whenever you need it? If you unplug a lamp, the light goes off. The lamp does not have a supply of energy to keep itself lit. [SEP] the light goes off .
Scientists know that the Sun will continue to shine for billions of years. So we can use the solar energy without it ever running out. Water flows from high places to lower ones. [SEP] Scientists know that the Sun will continue to shine for billions of years
Scientists know that the Sun will continue to shine for billions of years. So we can use the solar energy without it ever running out. Water flows from high places to lower ones. [SEP] we can use the solar energy without it ever running out .
Changing grains into biofuels is biomass energy. Biomass is renewable because we can plant new trees or crops to replace the ones we use. Geothermal energy uses water that was heated by hot rocks. [SEP] we can plant new trees or crops to replace the ones we use .
Changing grains into biofuels is biomass energy. Biomass is renewable because we can plant new trees or crops to replace the ones we use. Geothermal energy uses water that was heated by hot rocks. [SEP] Biomass is renewable
Some renewable resources are too expensive to be widely used. As the technology improves and more people use renewable energy, the prices will come down. The cost of renewable resources will go down relative to fossil fuels as we use fossil fuels up. [SEP] the technology improves and more people use renewable energy , the prices will come down .
Some renewable resources are too expensive to be widely used. As the technology improves and more people use renewable energy, the prices will come down. The cost of renewable resources will go down relative to fossil fuels as we use fossil fuels up. [SEP] Some renewable resources are too expensive to be widely used .
As the technology improves and more people use renewable energy, the prices will come down. The cost of renewable resources will go down relative to fossil fuels as we use fossil fuels up. In the long run renewable resources will need to make up a large amount of what we use. [SEP] we use fossil fuels up .
As the technology improves and more people use renewable energy, the prices will come down. The cost of renewable resources will go down relative to fossil fuels as we use fossil fuels up. In the long run renewable resources will need to make up a large amount of what we use. [SEP] The cost of renewable resources will go down relative to fossil fuels
Renewable resources can be replaced as quickly as they are used. Renewable resources may also be so abundant that running out is impossible. The difference between non-renewable and renewable resources is like the difference between ordinary batteries and rechargeable ones. [SEP] Renewable resources may also be so abundant
Renewable resources can be replaced as quickly as they are used. Renewable resources may also be so abundant that running out is impossible. The difference between non-renewable and renewable resources is like the difference between ordinary batteries and rechargeable ones. [SEP] running out is impossible .
If a flashlight when ordinary batteries goes dead, the batteries need to be replaced. But if the flashlight has rechargeable batteries, the batteries can be placed in a charger. The charger transfers energy from an outlet into the batteries. [SEP] the flashlight has rechargeable batteries
If a flashlight when ordinary batteries goes dead, the batteries need to be replaced. But if the flashlight has rechargeable batteries, the batteries can be placed in a charger. The charger transfers energy from an outlet into the batteries. [SEP] the batteries can be placed in a charger .
Fossil fuels take millions of years to form. For this reason, they are non-renewable. We will use most fossil fuels up in a matter of decades. [SEP] Fossil fuels take millions of years to form
Fossil fuels take millions of years to form. For this reason, they are non-renewable. We will use most fossil fuels up in a matter of decades. [SEP] they are non-renewable .
Natural gas burns cleaner than other fossil fuels. As a result, it causes less air pollution. It also produces less carbon dioxide than the other fossil fuels. [SEP] Natural gas burns cleaner than other fossil fuels
Natural gas burns cleaner than other fossil fuels. As a result, it causes less air pollution. It also produces less carbon dioxide than the other fossil fuels. [SEP] it causes less air pollution .
Fossil fuels present many problems. These fuels are non-renewable resources, so our supplies of them will eventually run out. Safety can be a problem, too. [SEP] These fuels are non-renewable resources
Fossil fuels present many problems. These fuels are non-renewable resources, so our supplies of them will eventually run out. Safety can be a problem, too. [SEP] our supplies of them will eventually run out .
Safety can be a problem, too. Since these fuels burn so easily, a natural gas leak in a building or an underground pipe can lead to a deadly explosion. Using fossil fuels affects the environment in a variety of ways. [SEP] these fuels burn so easily
Safety can be a problem, too. Since these fuels burn so easily, a natural gas leak in a building or an underground pipe can lead to a deadly explosion. Using fossil fuels affects the environment in a variety of ways. [SEP] a natural gas leak in a building or an underground pipe can lead to a deadly explosion .
Safety can be a problem, too. Since these fuels burn so easily, a natural gas leak in a building or an underground pipe can lead to a deadly explosion. Using fossil fuels affects the environment in a variety of ways. [SEP] a natural gas leak in a building or an underground pipe
Safety can be a problem, too. Since these fuels burn so easily, a natural gas leak in a building or an underground pipe can lead to a deadly explosion. Using fossil fuels affects the environment in a variety of ways. [SEP] a deadly explosion
Burning coal releases more carbon dioxide than either oil or natural gas. Yet coal is the most common fossil fuel, so we continue to burn large amounts of it. That makes coal the biggest contributor to global warming. [SEP] Yet coal is the most common fossil fuel
Burning coal releases more carbon dioxide than either oil or natural gas. Yet coal is the most common fossil fuel, so we continue to burn large amounts of it. That makes coal the biggest contributor to global warming. [SEP] we continue to burn large amounts of it .
Another problem with coal is that most coal contains sulfur. As it burns, the sulfur goes into the air as sulfur dioxide. Sulfur dioxide is the main cause of acid rain. [SEP] it burns , the sulfur goes into the air as sulfur dioxide .
Another problem with coal is that most coal contains sulfur. As it burns, the sulfur goes into the air as sulfur dioxide. Sulfur dioxide is the main cause of acid rain. [SEP] Another problem with coal is that most coal contains sulfur .
 Nuclear energy is produced by splitting the nucleus of an atom. This releases a huge amount of energy. [SEP] splitting the nucleus of an atom
 Nuclear energy is produced by splitting the nucleus of an atom. This releases a huge amount of energy. [SEP] Nuclear energy is produced
Natural gas is often found along with coal or oil in underground deposits. This is because natural gas forms with these other fossil fuels. One difference between natural gas and oil is that natural gas forms at higher temperatures. [SEP] natural gas forms with these other fossil fuels . One difference between natural gas and oil is that natural gas forms at higher temperatures
Natural gas is often found along with coal or oil in underground deposits. This is because natural gas forms with these other fossil fuels. One difference between natural gas and oil is that natural gas forms at higher temperatures. [SEP] This is
Natural gas is delivered to homes, where it is used for cooking and heating. Natural gas is also a major energy source for powering turbines to make electricity. Natural gas releases most of its energy as heat when it burns. [SEP] powering turbines to make electricity
Natural gas is delivered to homes, where it is used for cooking and heating. Natural gas is also a major energy source for powering turbines to make electricity. Natural gas releases most of its energy as heat when it burns. [SEP] Natural gas is also a major energy source
Nuclear energy does not pollute. If there are no accidents, a nuclear power plant releases nothing but steam into the air. But nuclear energy does create other environmental problems. [SEP] there are no accidents
Nuclear energy does not pollute. If there are no accidents, a nuclear power plant releases nothing but steam into the air. But nuclear energy does create other environmental problems. [SEP] a nuclear power plant releases nothing but steam into the air .
It contains a large amount of energy for its weight. This is important because the more something weighs, the more energy is needed to move it. If gasoline could only provide a little energy, a car would have to carry a lot of it to be able to travel very far. [SEP] the more something weighs
It contains a large amount of energy for its weight. This is important because the more something weighs, the more energy is needed to move it. If gasoline could only provide a little energy, a car would have to carry a lot of it to be able to travel very far. [SEP] the more energy is needed to move it .
This is important because the more something weighs, the more energy is needed to move it. If gasoline could only provide a little energy, a car would have to carry a lot of it to be able to travel very far. Or the car would need to be filled up frequently. [SEP] gasoline could only provide a little energy
This is important because the more something weighs, the more energy is needed to move it. If gasoline could only provide a little energy, a car would have to carry a lot of it to be able to travel very far. Or the car would need to be filled up frequently. [SEP] a car would have to carry a lot of it to be able to travel very far .
Or the car would need to be filled up frequently. So a highly concentrated energy resource is a practical fuel to power cars and other forms of transportation. Lets consider how gasoline powers a car. [SEP] Or the car would need to be filled up frequently
Or the car would need to be filled up frequently. So a highly concentrated energy resource is a practical fuel to power cars and other forms of transportation. Lets consider how gasoline powers a car. [SEP] a highly concentrated energy resource is a practical fuel to power cars and other forms of transportation .
Lets consider how gasoline powers a car. As gasoline burns, it releases most of its energy as heat. It also releases carbon dioxide gas and water vapor. [SEP] gasoline burns , it releases most of its energy as heat .
Lets consider how gasoline powers a car. As gasoline burns, it releases most of its energy as heat. It also releases carbon dioxide gas and water vapor. [SEP] Lets consider how gasoline powers a car .
Oil is separated into different compounds at an oil refinery (Figure 5.4). This is done by heating the oil. Each hydrocarbon compound in crude oil boils at a different temperature. [SEP] heating the oil
Oil is separated into different compounds at an oil refinery (Figure 5.4). This is done by heating the oil. Each hydrocarbon compound in crude oil boils at a different temperature. [SEP] This is done
These fuels are rich sources of energy. Since they are mostly liquids they can be easily transported. These fuels provide about 90% of the energy used for transportation around the world. [SEP] they are mostly liquids they can be easily transported .
These fuels are rich sources of energy. Since they are mostly liquids they can be easily transported. These fuels provide about 90% of the energy used for transportation around the world. [SEP] These fuels are rich sources of energy .
Coal is a solid hydrocarbon. Coal is useful as a fuel, especially for generating electricity.  [SEP] generating electricity
Coal is a solid hydrocarbon. Coal is useful as a fuel, especially for generating electricity.  [SEP] Coal is useful as a fuel , especially
Coal mining underground is dangerous for the coal miners. Miners are sometimes killed if there is an explosion or a mine collapse. Miners breathe in coal dust and can get terrible lung diseases after a number of years in the mines. [SEP] there is an explosion or a mine collapse .
Coal mining underground is dangerous for the coal miners. Miners are sometimes killed if there is an explosion or a mine collapse. Miners breathe in coal dust and can get terrible lung diseases after a number of years in the mines. [SEP] Miners are sometimes killed
The hardest type of coal, anthracite, is a metamorphic rock. That is because it is exposed to higher temperature and pressure as it forms. Coal is mostly carbon, but some other elements can be found in coal, including sulfur. [SEP] it is exposed to higher temperature and pressure as it forms .
The hardest type of coal, anthracite, is a metamorphic rock. That is because it is exposed to higher temperature and pressure as it forms. Coal is mostly carbon, but some other elements can be found in coal, including sulfur. [SEP] The hardest type of coal , anthracite , is a metamorphic rock
Scientists and engineers have many ways to get energy from the Sun (Figure 5.9). One is by using solar cells. Solar cells are devices that turn sunlight directly into electricity. [SEP] using solar cells
Scientists and engineers have many ways to get energy from the Sun (Figure 5.9). One is by using solar cells. Solar cells are devices that turn sunlight directly into electricity. [SEP] One is
You may have seen solar panels on roof tops. The Suns heat can also be trapped in your home by using south facing windows and good insulation.  [SEP] using south facing windows and good insulation
You may have seen solar panels on roof tops. The Suns heat can also be trapped in your home by using south facing windows and good insulation.  [SEP] The Suns heat can also be trapped in your home
Water power does not burn a fuel. So it causes less pollution than many other kinds of energy. Water power is also a renewable resource. [SEP] Water power does not burn a fuel
Water power does not burn a fuel. So it causes less pollution than many other kinds of energy. Water power is also a renewable resource. [SEP] it causes less pollution than many other kinds of energy .
 Because the hot water or steam can be used directly to make a turbine spin, geothermal energy can be used without processing. Geothermal energy is clean and safe. [SEP] the hot water or steam can be used directly to make a turbine spin
 Because the hot water or steam can be used directly to make a turbine spin, geothermal energy can be used without processing. Geothermal energy is clean and safe. [SEP] geothermal energy can be used without processing .
Geothermal energy is not economical everywhere. Many parts of the world do not have underground sources of heat that are close enough to the surface for building geothermal power plants.  [SEP] building geothermal power plants
Geothermal energy is not economical everywhere. Many parts of the world do not have underground sources of heat that are close enough to the surface for building geothermal power plants.  [SEP] Many parts of the world do not have underground sources of heat that are close enough to the surface
Biofuel is a fairly new type of energy that is becoming more popular. Biomass is useful because it can be made liquid. This means that they can be used in cars and trucks. [SEP] it can be made liquid .
Biofuel is a fairly new type of energy that is becoming more popular. Biomass is useful because it can be made liquid. This means that they can be used in cars and trucks. [SEP] Biomass is useful
Sometimes the exhaust from these cars smells like French fries! By using biofuels, we can cut down on the amount of fossil fuel that we use. Because living plants take carbon dioxide out of the air, growing plants for biofuel can mean that we will put less of this gas into the air overall. [SEP] using biofuels
Sometimes the exhaust from these cars smells like French fries! By using biofuels, we can cut down on the amount of fossil fuel that we use. Because living plants take carbon dioxide out of the air, growing plants for biofuel can mean that we will put less of this gas into the air overall. [SEP] , we can cut down on the amount of fossil fuel that we use .
By using biofuels, we can cut down on the amount of fossil fuel that we use. Because living plants take carbon dioxide out of the air, growing plants for biofuel can mean that we will put less of this gas into the air overall. This could help us do something about the problem of global warming. [SEP] living plants take carbon dioxide out of the air
By using biofuels, we can cut down on the amount of fossil fuel that we use. Because living plants take carbon dioxide out of the air, growing plants for biofuel can mean that we will put less of this gas into the air overall. This could help us do something about the problem of global warming. [SEP] growing plants for biofuel can mean that we will put less of this gas into the air overall .
Wind power also has problems. Wind does not blow all of the time, so wind energy must be stored for later use. Alternatively, another energy source needs to be available when the wind is not blowing. [SEP] Wind does not blow all of the time
Wind power also has problems. Wind does not blow all of the time, so wind energy must be stored for later use. Alternatively, another energy source needs to be available when the wind is not blowing. [SEP] wind energy must be stored for later use .
Although not yet widely used, many believe tidal power has more potential than wind or solar power for meeting alternative energy needs. Quest radio looks at plans for harnessing power from the sea by San Francisco and along the northern California coast. Learn more at: [SEP] harnessing power from the sea by San Francisco and along the northern California coast
Although not yet widely used, many believe tidal power has more potential than wind or solar power for meeting alternative energy needs. Quest radio looks at plans for harnessing power from the sea by San Francisco and along the northern California coast. Learn more at: [SEP] Quest radio looks at plans
The Sun heats some locations more than others. Warm air rises, so other air rushes in to fill the hole left by the rising air. This horizontal movement of air is called wind. [SEP] Warm air rises
The Sun heats some locations more than others. Warm air rises, so other air rushes in to fill the hole left by the rising air. This horizontal movement of air is called wind. [SEP] other air rushes in to fill the hole left by the rising air .
Wegener thought that all of these organisms lived side by side. The lands later moved apart so that the fossils are separated.  [SEP] The lands later moved apart
Wegener thought that all of these organisms lived side by side. The lands later moved apart so that the fossils are separated.  [SEP] the fossils are separated .
Wegener knew that this was impossible! However, if the continents had moved, the glaciers would have been centered close to the South Pole.  [SEP] the continents had moved
Wegener knew that this was impossible! However, if the continents had moved, the glaciers would have been centered close to the South Pole.  [SEP] the glaciers would have been centered close to the South Pole .
Wegener suggested that Pangaea broke up long ago. Since then, the continents have been moving to their current positions. He called his hypothesis continental drift. [SEP] then , the continents have been moving to their current positions .
Wegener suggested that Pangaea broke up long ago. Since then, the continents have been moving to their current positions. He called his hypothesis continental drift. [SEP] Wegener suggested that Pangaea broke up long ago .
Earths magnetic field surrounds the planet from pole to pole. If you have ever been hiking or camping, you may have used a compass to help you find your way. A compass points to the magnetic North Pole. [SEP] you have ever been hiking or camping
Earths magnetic field surrounds the planet from pole to pole. If you have ever been hiking or camping, you may have used a compass to help you find your way. A compass points to the magnetic North Pole. [SEP] you may have used a compass to help you find your way .
Some rocks contain little compasses too! As lava cools, tiny iron-rich crystals line up with Earths magnetic field.  [SEP] lava cools , tiny iron-rich crystals line up with Earths magnetic field .
Some rocks contain little compasses too! As lava cools, tiny iron-rich crystals line up with Earths magnetic field.  [SEP] Some rocks contain little compasses too !
Wegener concluded that they formed as a single mountain range. This mountain range broke apart as the continents split up. The mountain range separated as the continents drifted. [SEP] the continents split up .
Wegener concluded that they formed as a single mountain range. This mountain range broke apart as the continents split up. The mountain range separated as the continents drifted. [SEP] This mountain range broke apart
This mountain range broke apart as the continents split up. The mountain range separated as the continents drifted.  [SEP] the continents drifted .
This mountain range broke apart as the continents split up. The mountain range separated as the continents drifted.  [SEP] The mountain range separated
Wegener and his supporters collected a great deal of evidence for the continental drift hypothesis. Wegener found that this evidence was best explained if the continents had at one time been joined together.  [SEP] the continents had at one time been joined together .
Wegener and his supporters collected a great deal of evidence for the continental drift hypothesis. Wegener found that this evidence was best explained if the continents had at one time been joined together.  [SEP] Wegener found that this evidence was best explained
The Andes Mountains are a chain of coastal volcanic mountains. They are forming as the Nazca plate subducts beneath the South American plate (Figure 7.18).  [SEP] the Nazca plate subducts beneath the South American plate -LRB- Figure 7.18 -RRB- .
The Andes Mountains are a chain of coastal volcanic mountains. They are forming as the Nazca plate subducts beneath the South American plate (Figure 7.18).  [SEP] They are forming
Continents are too buoyant to get pushed down into the mantle. So when the plates smash together, the crust crumples upwards. This creates mountains. [SEP] Continents are too buoyant to get pushed down into the mantle
Continents are too buoyant to get pushed down into the mantle. So when the plates smash together, the crust crumples upwards. This creates mountains. [SEP] when the plates smash together , the crust crumples upwards .
About 80 million years ago, India was separated from Eurasia by an ocean (Figure 7.16). As the plates collided, pieces of the old seafloor were forced over the Asian continent. This old seafloor is now found high in the Himalayas (Figure 7.17). [SEP] the plates collided , pieces of the old seafloor were forced over the Asian continent .
About 80 million years ago, India was separated from Eurasia by an ocean (Figure 7.16). As the plates collided, pieces of the old seafloor were forced over the Asian continent. This old seafloor is now found high in the Himalayas (Figure 7.17). [SEP] About 80 million years ago , India was separated from Eurasia by an ocean -LRB- Figure 7.16 -RRB- .
Mid-ocean ridges form at divergent plate boundaries. As the ocean floor separates an enormous line of volcanoes is created. When continental crust is pulled apart, it breaks into blocks. [SEP] the ocean floor separates an enormous line of volcanoes is created .
Mid-ocean ridges form at divergent plate boundaries. As the ocean floor separates an enormous line of volcanoes is created. When continental crust is pulled apart, it breaks into blocks. [SEP] Mid-ocean ridges form at divergent plate boundaries .
Stress is the force applied to a rock. There are four types of stresses: Confining stress happens as weight of all the overlying rock pushes down on a deeply buried rock. The rock is being pushed in from all sides, which compresses it. [SEP] weight of all the overlying rock pushes down on a deeply buried rock .
Stress is the force applied to a rock. There are four types of stresses: Confining stress happens as weight of all the overlying rock pushes down on a deeply buried rock. The rock is being pushed in from all sides, which compresses it. [SEP] Confining stress happens
The rock is being pushed in from all sides, which compresses it. The rock will not deform because there is no place for it to move. Compression stress squeezes rocks together. [SEP] there is no place for it to move .
The rock is being pushed in from all sides, which compresses it. The rock will not deform because there is no place for it to move. Compression stress squeezes rocks together. [SEP] The rock will not deform
When the stress stops, the rock goes back to its original shape. If more stress is applied to the rock, it bends and flows. It does not return to its original shape. [SEP] more stress is applied to the rock
When the stress stops, the rock goes back to its original shape. If more stress is applied to the rock, it bends and flows. It does not return to its original shape. [SEP] it bends and flows .
It does not return to its original shape. Near the surface, if the stress continues, the rock will fracture and break.  [SEP] the stress continues
It does not return to its original shape. Near the surface, if the stress continues, the rock will fracture and break.  [SEP] the rock will fracture and break .
Deep within the Earth, as plates collide, rocks crumple into folds. You can model these folds by placing your hands on opposite edges of a piece of cloth and pushing your hands together. In sedimentary rocks, you can easily trace the folding of the layers. [SEP] placing your hands on opposite edges of a piece of cloth and pushing your hands together
Deep within the Earth, as plates collide, rocks crumple into folds. You can model these folds by placing your hands on opposite edges of a piece of cloth and pushing your hands together. In sedimentary rocks, you can easily trace the folding of the layers. [SEP] You can model these folds
They tilt downhill from right to left in a monocline. Once rocks are folded, they do not return to their original shape. There are three types of folds: monoclines, anticlines, and synclines. [SEP] rocks are folded
They tilt downhill from right to left in a monocline. Once rocks are folded, they do not return to their original shape. There are three types of folds: monoclines, anticlines, and synclines. [SEP] they do not return to their original shape .
When upward folding rocks form a circular structure, that structure is called a dome. If the top of the dome is eroded off, the oldest rocks are exposed at the center. A syncline is a fold that bends downward (Figure 7.9). [SEP] the top of the dome is eroded off
When upward folding rocks form a circular structure, that structure is called a dome. If the top of the dome is eroded off, the oldest rocks are exposed at the center. A syncline is a fold that bends downward (Figure 7.9). [SEP] the oldest rocks are exposed at the center .
When rocks bend downward in a circular structure, it is called a basin. If the rocks are eroded, the youngest rocks are at the center. Basins can be enormous, like the Michigan Basin. [SEP] the rocks are eroded
When rocks bend downward in a circular structure, it is called a basin. If the rocks are eroded, the youngest rocks are at the center. Basins can be enormous, like the Michigan Basin. [SEP] the youngest rocks are at the center .
Figure 7.5 shows joints in a granite hillside. If a sedimentary rock is tilted or folded, we know that stresses have changed the rock (Figure 7.6).  [SEP] a sedimentary rock is tilted or folded
Figure 7.5 shows joints in a granite hillside. If a sedimentary rock is tilted or folded, we know that stresses have changed the rock (Figure 7.6).  [SEP] we know that stresses have changed the rock -LRB- Figure 7.6 -RRB- .
Strike-slip faults result from shear stresses. If you stand with one foot on each side of a strike-slip fault, one side will be moving toward you while the other side moves away from you. If your right foot moves toward you, the fault is known as a right-lateral strike-slip fault. [SEP] you stand with one foot on each side of a strike-slip fault
Strike-slip faults result from shear stresses. If you stand with one foot on each side of a strike-slip fault, one side will be moving toward you while the other side moves away from you. If your right foot moves toward you, the fault is known as a right-lateral strike-slip fault. [SEP] one side will be moving toward you while the other side moves away from you .
If you stand with one foot on each side of a strike-slip fault, one side will be moving toward you while the other side moves away from you. If your right foot moves toward you, the fault is known as a right-lateral strike-slip fault. If your left foot moves toward you, the fault is a left-lateral strike-slip fault (Figure 7.14). [SEP] your right foot moves toward
If you stand with one foot on each side of a strike-slip fault, one side will be moving toward you while the other side moves away from you. If your right foot moves toward you, the fault is known as a right-lateral strike-slip fault. If your left foot moves toward you, the fault is a left-lateral strike-slip fault (Figure 7.14). [SEP] the fault is known as a right-lateral strike-slip fault .
If your right foot moves toward you, the fault is known as a right-lateral strike-slip fault. If your left foot moves toward you, the fault is a left-lateral strike-slip fault (Figure 7.14).  [SEP] your left foot moves toward
If your right foot moves toward you, the fault is known as a right-lateral strike-slip fault. If your left foot moves toward you, the fault is a left-lateral strike-slip fault (Figure 7.14).  [SEP] the fault is a left-lateral strike-slip fault -LRB- Figure 7.14 -RRB- .
With enough stress, a rock will fracture, or break. The fracture is called a joint if the rock breaks but doesnt move, as shown in Figure 7.10. If the rocks on one or both sides of a fracture move, the fracture is called a fault (Figure 7.11). [SEP] the rock breaks but doesnt move , as shown in Figure 7.10 .
With enough stress, a rock will fracture, or break. The fracture is called a joint if the rock breaks but doesnt move, as shown in Figure 7.10. If the rocks on one or both sides of a fracture move, the fracture is called a fault (Figure 7.11). [SEP] The fracture is called a joint
The energy released causes an earthquake. Slip is the distance rocks move along a fault, as one block of rock moves past the other. The angle of a fault is called When compression squeezes the crust into a smaller space, the hanging wall pushes up relative to the footwall. [SEP] one block of rock moves past the other .
The energy released causes an earthquake. Slip is the distance rocks move along a fault, as one block of rock moves past the other. The angle of a fault is called When compression squeezes the crust into a smaller space, the hanging wall pushes up relative to the footwall. [SEP] Slip is the distance rocks move along a fault
The San Andreas Fault in California is a right-lateral strike-slip fault (Figure 7.15). It is also a transform fault because the San Andreas is a plate boundary. As you can see, California will not fall into the ocean someday. [SEP] the San Andreas is a plate boundary .
The San Andreas Fault in California is a right-lateral strike-slip fault (Figure 7.15). It is also a transform fault because the San Andreas is a plate boundary. As you can see, California will not fall into the ocean someday. [SEP] It is also a transform fault
It is also a transform fault because the San Andreas is a plate boundary. As you can see, California will not fall into the ocean someday. The land west of the San Andreas Fault is moving northeastward, while the North American plate moves southwest. [SEP] you can see , California will not fall into the ocean someday .
It is also a transform fault because the San Andreas is a plate boundary. As you can see, California will not fall into the ocean someday. The land west of the San Andreas Fault is moving northeastward, while the North American plate moves southwest. [SEP] It is also a transform fault because the San Andreas is a plate boundary .
It becomes trapped in a narrow passageway. The heat and pressure build as more water is added. When the pressure is too much, the superheated water bursts out onto the surface. [SEP] more water is added .
It becomes trapped in a narrow passageway. The heat and pressure build as more water is added. When the pressure is too much, the superheated water bursts out onto the surface. [SEP] The heat and pressure build
(Figure 8.23). It is rare for a geyser to erupt so regularly, which is why Old Faithful is famous.  [SEP] It is rare for a geyser to erupt
(Figure 8.23). It is rare for a geyser to erupt so regularly, which is why Old Faithful is famous.  [SEP] regularly , which is why Old Faithful is
Sometimes this water is heated by nearby magma. If the water makes its way to the surface, it forms a hot spring or a geyser.  [SEP] the water makes its way to the surface
Sometimes this water is heated by nearby magma. If the water makes its way to the surface, it forms a hot spring or a geyser.  [SEP] it forms a hot spring or a geyser .
(Figure 8.22). Intrusions become land formations if they are exposed at the surface by erosion.  [SEP] they are exposed at the surface by erosion .
(Figure 8.22). Intrusions become land formations if they are exposed at the surface by erosion.  [SEP] Intrusions become land formations
These volcanoes formed from fluid lava (Figure 8.21). The island grows as lava is added on the coast. New land may also emerge from lava that erupts from beneath the water. [SEP] lava is added on the coast .
These volcanoes formed from fluid lava (Figure 8.21). The island grows as lava is added on the coast. New land may also emerge from lava that erupts from beneath the water. [SEP] The island grows
When lava is thick, it flows slowly. If thick lava makes it to the surface, it cannot flow far from the vent. It often stays right in the middle of a crater at the top of a volcano. [SEP] thick lava makes it to the surface
When lava is thick, it flows slowly. If thick lava makes it to the surface, it cannot flow far from the vent. It often stays right in the middle of a crater at the top of a volcano. [SEP] it can not flow far from the vent .
Many minerals are rich in iron. They break down as the iron changes into iron oxide. This makes the red color in soils. [SEP] the iron changes into iron oxide .
Many minerals are rich in iron. They break down as the iron changes into iron oxide. This makes the red color in soils. [SEP] They break down
Plants and animals also cause chemical weathering. As plant roots take in nutrients, elements are exchanged.  [SEP] plant roots take in nutrients , elements are exchanged .
Plants and animals also cause chemical weathering. As plant roots take in nutrients, elements are exchanged.  [SEP] Plants and animals also cause chemical weathering .
Certain types of rock are very resistant to weathering. Igneous rocks tend to weather slowly because they are hard. Water cannot easily penetrate them. [SEP] they are hard .
Certain types of rock are very resistant to weathering. Igneous rocks tend to weather slowly because they are hard. Water cannot easily penetrate them. [SEP] Igneous rocks tend to weather slowly
Granite is a very stable igneous rock. Other types of rock are easily weathered because they dissolve easily in weak acids. Limestone is a sedimentary rock that dissolves easily. [SEP] they dissolve easily in weak acids .
Granite is a very stable igneous rock. Other types of rock are easily weathered because they dissolve easily in weak acids. Limestone is a sedimentary rock that dissolves easily. [SEP] Other types of rock are easily weathered
Some types of rock can even completely dissolve in water! Other minerals change by adding water into their structure.  [SEP] adding water into their structure
Some types of rock can even completely dissolve in water! Other minerals change by adding water into their structure.  [SEP] Other minerals change
 Carbon dioxide (CO2 ) combines with water as raindrops fall through the air. This makes a weak acid, called carbonic acid. [SEP] raindrops fall through the air .
 Carbon dioxide (CO2 ) combines with water as raindrops fall through the air. This makes a weak acid, called carbonic acid. [SEP] Carbon dioxide -LRB- CO2 -RRB- combines with water
This makes a weak acid, called carbonic acid. This happens so often that carbonic acid is a common, weak acid found in nature. This acid works to dissolve rock. [SEP] This happens so often
This makes a weak acid, called carbonic acid. This happens so often that carbonic acid is a common, weak acid found in nature. This acid works to dissolve rock. [SEP] carbonic acid is a common , weak acid found in nature .
When we burn coal rich in sulfur, it adds sulfur dioxide to the air. As nitrous oxide and sulfur dioxide react with water, they form nitric acid and sulfuric acid. These are the two main components of acid rain. [SEP] nitrous oxide and sulfur dioxide react with water , they form nitric acid and sulfuric acid .
When we burn coal rich in sulfur, it adds sulfur dioxide to the air. As nitrous oxide and sulfur dioxide react with water, they form nitric acid and sulfuric acid. These are the two main components of acid rain. [SEP] When we burn coal rich in sulfur , it adds sulfur dioxide to the air .
With abrasion, one rock bumps against another rock. Gravity causes abrasion as a rock tumbles down a slope. Moving water causes abrasion it moves rocks so that they bump against one another (Figure 9.3). [SEP] a rock tumbles down a slope .
With abrasion, one rock bumps against another rock. Gravity causes abrasion as a rock tumbles down a slope. Moving water causes abrasion it moves rocks so that they bump against one another (Figure 9.3). [SEP] With abrasion , one rock bumps against another rock . Gravity causes abrasion
Gravity causes abrasion as a rock tumbles down a slope. Moving water causes abrasion it moves rocks so that they bump against one another (Figure 9.3). Strong winds cause abrasion by blasting sand against rock surfaces. [SEP] Moving water causes abrasion it moves rocks
Gravity causes abrasion as a rock tumbles down a slope. Moving water causes abrasion it moves rocks so that they bump against one another (Figure 9.3). Strong winds cause abrasion by blasting sand against rock surfaces. [SEP] they bump against one
Gravity causes abrasion as a rock tumbles down a slope. Moving water causes abrasion it moves rocks so that they bump against one another (Figure 9.3). Strong winds cause abrasion by blasting sand against rock surfaces. [SEP] Moving water
Gravity causes abrasion as a rock tumbles down a slope. Moving water causes abrasion it moves rocks so that they bump against one another (Figure 9.3). Strong winds cause abrasion by blasting sand against rock surfaces. [SEP] causes abrasion it moves rocks
Moving water causes abrasion it moves rocks so that they bump against one another (Figure 9.3). Strong winds cause abrasion by blasting sand against rock surfaces. Finally, the ice in glaciers cause abrasion. [SEP] blasting sand against rock surfaces
Moving water causes abrasion it moves rocks so that they bump against one another (Figure 9.3). Strong winds cause abrasion by blasting sand against rock surfaces. Finally, the ice in glaciers cause abrasion. [SEP] Strong winds cause abrasion
Pieces of rock embedded in ice at the bottom of a glacier scrape against the rock below. If you have ever collected beach glass or pebbles from a stream, you have witnessed the work of abrasion.  [SEP] you have ever collected beach glass or pebbles from a stream
Pieces of rock embedded in ice at the bottom of a glacier scrape against the rock below. If you have ever collected beach glass or pebbles from a stream, you have witnessed the work of abrasion.  [SEP] you have witnessed the work of abrasion .
A plants roots grow into a crack in rock. As the roots grow larger, they wedge open the crack. Burrowing animals can also cause weathering. [SEP] the roots grow larger , they wedge open the crack .
A plants roots grow into a crack in rock. As the roots grow larger, they wedge open the crack. Burrowing animals can also cause weathering. [SEP] A plants roots grow into a crack in rock .
Burrowing animals can also cause weathering. By digging for food or creating a hole to live in the animal may break apart rock. Today, human beings do a lot of mechanical weathering whenever we dig or blast into rock. [SEP] digging for food or creating
Burrowing animals can also cause weathering. By digging for food or creating a hole to live in the animal may break apart rock. Today, human beings do a lot of mechanical weathering whenever we dig or blast into rock. [SEP] a hole to live in the animal may break apart rock .
Mechanical weathering increases the rate of chemical weathering. As rock breaks into smaller pieces, the surface area of the pieces increases. With more surfaces exposed, there are more places for chemical weathering to occur. [SEP] rock breaks into smaller pieces , the surface area of the pieces increases .
Mechanical weathering increases the rate of chemical weathering. As rock breaks into smaller pieces, the surface area of the pieces increases. With more surfaces exposed, there are more places for chemical weathering to occur. [SEP] Mechanical weathering increases the rate of chemical weathering .
Maybe you could make hot chocolate from some smaller pieces like chocolate chips, but it is much easier to add a powder to your milk. This is because the smaller the pieces are, the more surface area they have. Smaller pieces dissolve more easily. [SEP] the smaller the pieces are
Maybe you could make hot chocolate from some smaller pieces like chocolate chips, but it is much easier to add a powder to your milk. This is because the smaller the pieces are, the more surface area they have. Smaller pieces dissolve more easily. [SEP] the more surface area they have .
Sediments are different sizes of rock particles. Boulders are sedi- ments; so is gravel. At the other end, silt and clay are also sediments. [SEP] Boulders are sedi - ments
Sediments are different sizes of rock particles. Boulders are sedi- ments; so is gravel. At the other end, silt and clay are also sediments. [SEP] is gravel .
It takes a long time for a rock or mountain to weather. But a road can do so much more quickly. If you live in a part of the world that has cold winters, you may only have to wait one year to see a new road start to weather (Figure [SEP] But a road can do
It takes a long time for a rock or mountain to weather. But a road can do so much more quickly. If you live in a part of the world that has cold winters, you may only have to wait one year to see a new road start to weather (Figure [SEP] much more quickly . If you live in a part of the world that has cold winters , you may only have to wait one year to see a new road start to weather -LRB-
But a road can do so much more quickly. If you live in a part of the world that has cold winters, you may only have to wait one year to see a new road start to weather (Figure  [SEP] you live in a part of the world that has cold winters
But a road can do so much more quickly. If you live in a part of the world that has cold winters, you may only have to wait one year to see a new road start to weather (Figure  [SEP] you may only have to wait one year to see a new road start to weather -LRB- Figure
The ice cubes go to a higher level in the tray than the water. You also may have seen this if you put a can of soda into the freezer so that it cools down quickly. If you leave the can in the freezer too long, the liquid expands so much that it bends or pops the can. [SEP] You also may have seen this if you put a can of soda into the freezer
The ice cubes go to a higher level in the tray than the water. You also may have seen this if you put a can of soda into the freezer so that it cools down quickly. If you leave the can in the freezer too long, the liquid expands so much that it bends or pops the can. [SEP] it cools down quickly .
The ice cubes go to a higher level in the tray than the water. You also may have seen this if you put a can of soda into the freezer so that it cools down quickly. If you leave the can in the freezer too long, the liquid expands so much that it bends or pops the can. [SEP] you put a can of soda into the freezer
The ice cubes go to a higher level in the tray than the water. You also may have seen this if you put a can of soda into the freezer so that it cools down quickly. If you leave the can in the freezer too long, the liquid expands so much that it bends or pops the can. [SEP] You also may have seen this
You also may have seen this if you put a can of soda into the freezer so that it cools down quickly. If you leave the can in the freezer too long, the liquid expands so much that it bends or pops the can. (For the record, water is very unusual. [SEP] If you leave the can in the freezer too long , the liquid expands so much
You also may have seen this if you put a can of soda into the freezer so that it cools down quickly. If you leave the can in the freezer too long, the liquid expands so much that it bends or pops the can. (For the record, water is very unusual. [SEP] it bends or pops the can .
You also may have seen this if you put a can of soda into the freezer so that it cools down quickly. If you leave the can in the freezer too long, the liquid expands so much that it bends or pops the can. (For the record, water is very unusual. [SEP] you leave the can in the freezer too long
You also may have seen this if you put a can of soda into the freezer so that it cools down quickly. If you leave the can in the freezer too long, the liquid expands so much that it bends or pops the can. (For the record, water is very unusual. [SEP] the liquid expands so much
Acid rain is caused by sulfur and nitrogen oxides emanating from power plants or metal refineries. The smokestacks have been built tall so that pollutants dont sit over cities (Figure 1.1). As they move, these pollutants combine with water vapor to form sulfuric and nitric acids. [SEP] The smokestacks have been built tall
Acid rain is caused by sulfur and nitrogen oxides emanating from power plants or metal refineries. The smokestacks have been built tall so that pollutants dont sit over cities (Figure 1.1). As they move, these pollutants combine with water vapor to form sulfuric and nitric acids. [SEP] pollutants dont sit over cities -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
The smokestacks have been built tall so that pollutants dont sit over cities (Figure 1.1). As they move, these pollutants combine with water vapor to form sulfuric and nitric acids. The acid droplets form acid fog, rain, snow, or they [SEP] they move , these pollutants combine with water vapor to form sulfuric and nitric acids .
The smokestacks have been built tall so that pollutants dont sit over cities (Figure 1.1). As they move, these pollutants combine with water vapor to form sulfuric and nitric acids. The acid droplets form acid fog, rain, snow, or they [SEP] The smokestacks have been built tall so that pollutants dont sit over cities -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
Acids strip soil of metals and nutrients, which collect in streams and lakes. As a result, stripped soils may no longer provide the nutrients that native plants need. A pH scale goes from 1 to 14; numbers are shown with the pH of some common substances. [SEP] , which collect in streams and lakes
Acids strip soil of metals and nutrients, which collect in streams and lakes. As a result, stripped soils may no longer provide the nutrients that native plants need. A pH scale goes from 1 to 14; numbers are shown with the pH of some common substances. [SEP] stripped soils may no longer provide the nutrients that native plants need .
Plants that are exposed to acids become weak and are more likely to be damaged by bad weather, insect pests, or disease. Snails die in acid soils, so songbirds do not have as much food to eat. Young birds and mammals do not build bones as well and may not be as strong. [SEP] Snails die in acid soils
Plants that are exposed to acids become weak and are more likely to be damaged by bad weather, insect pests, or disease. Snails die in acid soils, so songbirds do not have as much food to eat. Young birds and mammals do not build bones as well and may not be as strong. [SEP] songbirds do not have as much food to eat .
Plants that are exposed to acids become weak and are more likely to be damaged by bad weather, insect pests, or disease. Snails die in acid soils, so songbirds do not have as much food to eat. Young birds and mammals do not build bones as well and may not be as strong. [SEP] much food to eat .
Plants that are exposed to acids become weak and are more likely to be damaged by bad weather, insect pests, or disease. Snails die in acid soils, so songbirds do not have as much food to eat. Young birds and mammals do not build bones as well and may not be as strong. [SEP] songbirds do not have
Eggshells may also be weak and break more easily. As lakes become acidic, organisms die off. No fish can live if the pH drops below 4.5. [SEP] lakes become acidic , organisms die off .
Eggshells may also be weak and break more easily. As lakes become acidic, organisms die off. No fish can live if the pH drops below 4.5. [SEP] Eggshells may also be weak and break more easily .
As lakes become acidic, organisms die off. No fish can live if the pH drops below 4.5. Organic material cannot decay, and mosses take over the lake. [SEP] the pH drops below 4.5 .
As lakes become acidic, organisms die off. No fish can live if the pH drops below 4.5. Organic material cannot decay, and mosses take over the lake. [SEP] No fish can live
These include the U.S. Capitol and many buildings in Europe, such as Westminster Abbey. Carbonate rocks neutralize acids and so some regions do not suffer the effects of acid rain nearly as much. Limestone in the midwestern United States protects the area. [SEP] Carbonate rocks neutralize acids
These include the U.S. Capitol and many buildings in Europe, such as Westminster Abbey. Carbonate rocks neutralize acids and so some regions do not suffer the effects of acid rain nearly as much. Limestone in the midwestern United States protects the area. [SEP] some regions do not suffer the effects of acid rain nearly as much .
Limestone in the midwestern United States protects the area. One reason that the northeastern United States is so vulnerable to acid rain damage is that the rocks are not carbonates. Because pollutants can travel so far, much of the acid rain that falls hurts states or nations other than ones where the pollutants were released. [SEP] One reason that the northeastern United States is so vulnerable
Limestone in the midwestern United States protects the area. One reason that the northeastern United States is so vulnerable to acid rain damage is that the rocks are not carbonates. Because pollutants can travel so far, much of the acid rain that falls hurts states or nations other than ones where the pollutants were released. [SEP] the rocks are not carbonates .
One reason that the northeastern United States is so vulnerable to acid rain damage is that the rocks are not carbonates. Because pollutants can travel so far, much of the acid rain that falls hurts states or nations other than ones where the pollutants were released. All the rain that falls in Sweden is acidic and fish in lakes all over the country are dying. [SEP] Because pollutants can travel so far
One reason that the northeastern United States is so vulnerable to acid rain damage is that the rocks are not carbonates. Because pollutants can travel so far, much of the acid rain that falls hurts states or nations other than ones where the pollutants were released. All the rain that falls in Sweden is acidic and fish in lakes all over the country are dying. [SEP] falls hurts states or nations other than ones where the pollutants were released .
 Many changes in the genetic makeup of a species may accumulate over time, especially if the environment is changing. Eventually the descendants will be very different from their ancestors and may become a whole new species. [SEP] the environment is changing .
 Many changes in the genetic makeup of a species may accumulate over time, especially if the environment is changing. Eventually the descendants will be very different from their ancestors and may become a whole new species. [SEP] Many changes in the genetic makeup of a species may accumulate over time , especially
Many mutations are neutral and remain in the population. If the environment changes, the mutation may be beneficial and it may help the organism adapt to the environment. The organisms that survive pass this favorable trait on to their offspring. [SEP] the environment changes
Many mutations are neutral and remain in the population. If the environment changes, the mutation may be beneficial and it may help the organism adapt to the environment. The organisms that survive pass this favorable trait on to their offspring. [SEP] the mutation may be beneficial and it
During the 18th and 19th centuries, geologists tried to estimate the age of Earth with indirect techniques. What methods can you think of for doing this? One example is that by measuring how much sediment a stream deposited in a year, a geologist might try to determine how long it took for a stream to deposit an ancient sediment layer. [SEP] doing this
During the 18th and 19th centuries, geologists tried to estimate the age of Earth with indirect techniques. What methods can you think of for doing this? One example is that by measuring how much sediment a stream deposited in a year, a geologist might try to determine how long it took for a stream to deposit an ancient sediment layer. [SEP] What methods can you think of
What methods can you think of for doing this? One example is that by measuring how much sediment a stream deposited in a year, a geologist might try to determine how long it took for a stream to deposit an ancient sediment layer. Not surprisingly, these methods resulted in wildly different estimates. [SEP] measuring how much sediment a stream deposited in a year
What methods can you think of for doing this? One example is that by measuring how much sediment a stream deposited in a year, a geologist might try to determine how long it took for a stream to deposit an ancient sediment layer. Not surprisingly, these methods resulted in wildly different estimates. [SEP] , a geologist might try to determine how long it took for a stream to deposit an ancient sediment layer .
Not surprisingly, these methods resulted in wildly different estimates. A relatively good estimate was produced by the British geologist Charles Lyell, who thought that 240 million years had passed since the appearance of the first animals with shells. Today scientists know that this event occurred about 530 million years ago. [SEP] the appearance of the first animals with shells . Today scientists know that this event occurred about 530 million
Not surprisingly, these methods resulted in wildly different estimates. A relatively good estimate was produced by the British geologist Charles Lyell, who thought that 240 million years had passed since the appearance of the first animals with shells. Today scientists know that this event occurred about 530 million years ago. [SEP] had passed
Today scientists know that this event occurred about 530 million years ago. In 1892, William Thomson (later known as Lord Kelvin) calculated that the Earth was 100 million years old, which he later lowered to 20 million years. He did this systematically assuming that the planet started off as a molten ball and calculating the time it would take for it to cool to its current temperature. [SEP] Lord Kelvin -RRB- calculated that the Earth was 100 million years old , which he later lowered to 20 million years .
Today scientists know that this event occurred about 530 million years ago. In 1892, William Thomson (later known as Lord Kelvin) calculated that the Earth was 100 million years old, which he later lowered to 20 million years. He did this systematically assuming that the planet started off as a molten ball and calculating the time it would take for it to cool to its current temperature. [SEP] Today scientists know that this event occurred about 530 million years ago . In 1892 , William Thomson -LRB- later known
In 1892, William Thomson (later known as Lord Kelvin) calculated that the Earth was 100 million years old, which he later lowered to 20 million years. He did this systematically assuming that the planet started off as a molten ball and calculating the time it would take for it to cool to its current temperature. This estimate was a blow to geologists and supporters of Charles Darwins theory of evolution, which required an older Earth to provide time for geological and evolutionary processes to take place. [SEP] a molten ball and calculating the time it would take for it to cool to its current temperature .
In 1892, William Thomson (later known as Lord Kelvin) calculated that the Earth was 100 million years old, which he later lowered to 20 million years. He did this systematically assuming that the planet started off as a molten ball and calculating the time it would take for it to cool to its current temperature. This estimate was a blow to geologists and supporters of Charles Darwins theory of evolution, which required an older Earth to provide time for geological and evolutionary processes to take place. [SEP] He did this systematically assuming that the planet started off
What Kelvin didnt know is that radioactive decay of elements inside Earths interior provides a steady source of heat. He also didnt know that the mantle is able to flow and so convection moves heat from the interior to the surface of the planet. Thomson had grossly underestimated Earths age. [SEP] He also didnt know that the mantle is able to flow
What Kelvin didnt know is that radioactive decay of elements inside Earths interior provides a steady source of heat. He also didnt know that the mantle is able to flow and so convection moves heat from the interior to the surface of the planet. Thomson had grossly underestimated Earths age. [SEP] convection moves heat from the interior to the surface of the planet .
 Radioactivity turned out to be useful for dating Earth materials and for coming up with a quantitative age for Earth. Scientists not only date ancient rocks from Earths crust, they also date meteorites that formed at the same time Earth and the rest of the solar system were forming. [SEP] dating Earth materials
 Radioactivity turned out to be useful for dating Earth materials and for coming up with a quantitative age for Earth. Scientists not only date ancient rocks from Earths crust, they also date meteorites that formed at the same time Earth and the rest of the solar system were forming. [SEP] Radioactivity turned out to be useful
Moon rocks also have been radiometrically dated. Using a combination of radiometric dating, index fossils, and superposition, geologists have constructed a well- defined timeline of Earth history. With information gathered from all over the world, estimates of rock and fossil ages have become increasingly accurate. [SEP] Using a combination of radiometric dating , index fossils , and superposition
Moon rocks also have been radiometrically dated. Using a combination of radiometric dating, index fossils, and superposition, geologists have constructed a well- defined timeline of Earth history. With information gathered from all over the world, estimates of rock and fossil ages have become increasingly accurate. [SEP] geologists have constructed a well - defined timeline of Earth history .
Some scientists think that the carrying capacity of the planet is about 1 billion people, not the 7 billion people we have today. The limiting factors have changed as our intelligence has allowed us to expand our population. Can we continue to do this indefinitely into the future? [SEP] our intelligence has allowed us to expand our population .
Some scientists think that the carrying capacity of the planet is about 1 billion people, not the 7 billion people we have today. The limiting factors have changed as our intelligence has allowed us to expand our population. Can we continue to do this indefinitely into the future? [SEP] The limiting factors have changed
A century ago, a single farmer produced enough food for 2.5 people, but now a farmer can feed more than 130 people. The Green Revolution is credited for feeding 1 billion people that would not otherwise have been able to live.  [SEP] feeding 1 billion people that would not otherwise have been able to live
A century ago, a single farmer produced enough food for 2.5 people, but now a farmer can feed more than 130 people. The Green Revolution is credited for feeding 1 billion people that would not otherwise have been able to live.  [SEP] The Green Revolution is credited
Animals were domesticated to provide meat. With agriculture, people could settle down, so that they no longer needed to carry all their possessions (Figure 1.2). They could develop better farming practices and store food for when it was difficult to grow. [SEP] With agriculture , people could settle down ,
Animals were domesticated to provide meat. With agriculture, people could settle down, so that they no longer needed to carry all their possessions (Figure 1.2). They could develop better farming practices and store food for when it was difficult to grow. [SEP] they no longer needed to carry all their possessions -LRB- Figure 1.2 -RRB- .
Obviously, human populations have blown past this hypothetical carrying capacity. By using our brains, our erect posture, and our hands, we have been able to manipulate our environment in ways that no other species has ever done. What have been the important developments that have allowed population to grow? [SEP] using our brains , our erect posture , and our hands
Obviously, human populations have blown past this hypothetical carrying capacity. By using our brains, our erect posture, and our hands, we have been able to manipulate our environment in ways that no other species has ever done. What have been the important developments that have allowed population to grow? [SEP] , we have been able to manipulate our environment in ways that no other species has ever done .
 Pollutants include materials that are naturally occurring but are added to the atmosphere so that they are there in larger quantities than normal. Pollutants may also be human-made compounds that have never before been found in the atmosphere. [SEP] Pollutants include materials that are naturally occurring but are added to the atmosphere
 Pollutants include materials that are naturally occurring but are added to the atmosphere so that they are there in larger quantities than normal. Pollutants may also be human-made compounds that have never before been found in the atmosphere. [SEP] they are there in larger quantities than normal .
 Terrible air pollution events in Pennsylvania and London, in which many people died, plus the recognition of the hazards of photochemical smog, led to the passage of the Clean Air Act in 1970 in the United States. The act now regulates 189 pollutants. [SEP] the recognition of the hazards of photochemical smog
 Terrible air pollution events in Pennsylvania and London, in which many people died, plus the recognition of the hazards of photochemical smog, led to the passage of the Clean Air Act in 1970 in the United States. The act now regulates 189 pollutants. [SEP] the passage of the Clean Air Act in 1970 in the United States
Air pollution started to be a problem when early people burned wood for heat and cooking fires in enclosed spaces such as caves and small tents or houses. But the problems became more widespread as fossil fuels such as coal began to be burned during the Industrial Revolution.  [SEP] fossil fuels such as coal began to be burned during the Industrial Revolution .
Air pollution started to be a problem when early people burned wood for heat and cooking fires in enclosed spaces such as caves and small tents or houses. But the problems became more widespread as fossil fuels such as coal began to be burned during the Industrial Revolution.  [SEP] But the problems became more widespread
Air pollution started to be a problem when early people burned wood for heat and cooking fires in enclosed spaces such as caves and small tents or houses. But the problems became more widespread as fossil fuels such as coal began to be burned during the Industrial Revolution (Figure 1.1). The 2012 Olympic Games in London opening ceremony contained a reen- actment of the Industrial Revolution - complete with pollution streaming from smokestacks. [SEP] fossil fuels such as coal began to be burned during the Industrial Revolution -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
Air pollution started to be a problem when early people burned wood for heat and cooking fires in enclosed spaces such as caves and small tents or houses. But the problems became more widespread as fossil fuels such as coal began to be burned during the Industrial Revolution (Figure 1.1). The 2012 Olympic Games in London opening ceremony contained a reen- actment of the Industrial Revolution - complete with pollution streaming from smokestacks. [SEP] But the problems became more widespread
Inversions commonly trap pollutants within a cool air mass. If the inversion lasts long enough, pollution can reach dangerous levels. Pollutants remain over a region until they are transported out of the area by wind, diluted by air blown in from another region, transformed into other compounds, or carried to the ground when mixed with rain or snow. [SEP] the inversion lasts long enough
Inversions commonly trap pollutants within a cool air mass. If the inversion lasts long enough, pollution can reach dangerous levels. Pollutants remain over a region until they are transported out of the area by wind, diluted by air blown in from another region, transformed into other compounds, or carried to the ground when mixed with rain or snow. [SEP] pollution can reach dangerous levels .
Why do you think California cities are among those with the worst air pollution? The state has the right conditions for collecting pollutants including mountain ranges that trap smoggy air, arid and sometimes windless conditions, agriculture, industry, and lots and lots of cars. Rank 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 City, State Los Angeles area, California Visalia-Porterville, California Bakersfield-Delano, California Fresno-Madera, California Hanford-Corcoran, California Sacramento area, California Houston area, Texas Dallas-Fort Worth, [SEP] collecting pollutants including mountain ranges
Why do you think California cities are among those with the worst air pollution? The state has the right conditions for collecting pollutants including mountain ranges that trap smoggy air, arid and sometimes windless conditions, agriculture, industry, and lots and lots of cars. Rank 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 City, State Los Angeles area, California Visalia-Porterville, California Bakersfield-Delano, California Fresno-Madera, California Hanford-Corcoran, California Sacramento area, California Houston area, Texas Dallas-Fort Worth, [SEP] The state has the right conditions
 Scientists are interested in asteroids because they are representatives of the earliest solar system (Figure 1.4). Eventually asteroids could be mined for rare minerals or for construction projects in space. [SEP] they are representatives of the earliest solar system -LRB- Figure 1.4 -RRB- .
 Scientists are interested in asteroids because they are representatives of the earliest solar system (Figure 1.4). Eventually asteroids could be mined for rare minerals or for construction projects in space. [SEP] Scientists are interested in asteroids
URL:   The NEAR Shoemaker probe took this photo as it was about to land on 433 Eros in 2001.  [SEP] it was about to land on 433 Eros in 2001 .
URL:   The NEAR Shoemaker probe took this photo as it was about to land on 433 Eros in 2001.  [SEP] The NEAR Shoemaker probe took this photo
On average, each year a rock about 5-10 m in diameter hits Earth (Figure 1.3). Since past asteroid impacts have been implicated in mass extinctions, astronomers are always on the lookout for new asteroids, and follow the known near-Earth asteroids closely, so they can predict a possible collision as early as possible. A painting of what an asteroid a few kilometers across might look like as it strikes Earth. [SEP] past asteroid impacts have been implicated in mass extinctions
On average, each year a rock about 5-10 m in diameter hits Earth (Figure 1.3). Since past asteroid impacts have been implicated in mass extinctions, astronomers are always on the lookout for new asteroids, and follow the known near-Earth asteroids closely, so they can predict a possible collision as early as possible. A painting of what an asteroid a few kilometers across might look like as it strikes Earth. [SEP] astronomers are always on the lookout for new asteroids , and follow the known near-Earth asteroids closely , so they can predict a possible collision as early as possible .
On average, each year a rock about 5-10 m in diameter hits Earth (Figure 1.3). Since past asteroid impacts have been implicated in mass extinctions, astronomers are always on the lookout for new asteroids, and follow the known near-Earth asteroids closely, so they can predict a possible collision as early as possible. A painting of what an asteroid a few kilometers across might look like as it strikes Earth. [SEP] astronomers are always on the lookout for new asteroids , and follow the known near-Earth asteroids closely
On average, each year a rock about 5-10 m in diameter hits Earth (Figure 1.3). Since past asteroid impacts have been implicated in mass extinctions, astronomers are always on the lookout for new asteroids, and follow the known near-Earth asteroids closely, so they can predict a possible collision as early as possible. A painting of what an asteroid a few kilometers across might look like as it strikes Earth. [SEP] they can predict a possible collision as early as possible .
Since past asteroid impacts have been implicated in mass extinctions, astronomers are always on the lookout for new asteroids, and follow the known near-Earth asteroids closely, so they can predict a possible collision as early as possible. A painting of what an asteroid a few kilometers across might look like as it strikes Earth.  [SEP] it strikes Earth .
Since past asteroid impacts have been implicated in mass extinctions, astronomers are always on the lookout for new asteroids, and follow the known near-Earth asteroids closely, so they can predict a possible collision as early as possible. A painting of what an asteroid a few kilometers across might look like as it strikes Earth.  [SEP] an asteroid a few kilometers across might look like
Asteroid" means "star-like," and in a telescope, asteroids look like points of light, just like stars. Asteroids are irregularly shaped because they do not have enough gravity to become round. They are also too small to maintain an atmosphere, and without internal heat they are not geologically active (Figure 1.1). [SEP] they do not have enough gravity to become round .
Asteroid" means "star-like," and in a telescope, asteroids look like points of light, just like stars. Asteroids are irregularly shaped because they do not have enough gravity to become round. They are also too small to maintain an atmosphere, and without internal heat they are not geologically active (Figure 1.1). [SEP] Asteroids are irregularly shaped
Asteroid impacts have had dramatic impacts on the shaping of the planets, including Earth. Early impacts caused the planets to grow as they cleared their portions of space. An impact with an asteroid about the size of Mars caused fragments of Earth to fly into space and ultimately create the Moon. [SEP] they cleared their portions of space .
Asteroid impacts have had dramatic impacts on the shaping of the planets, including Earth. Early impacts caused the planets to grow as they cleared their portions of space. An impact with an asteroid about the size of Mars caused fragments of Earth to fly into space and ultimately create the Moon. [SEP] Early impacts caused the planets to grow
Non-renewable resources vary in their availability; some are very abundant and others are rare. Materials, such as gravel or sand, are technically non-renewable, but they are so abundant that running out is no issue. Some resources are truly limited in quantity: when they are gone, they are gone, and something must be found that will replace them. [SEP] Materials , such as gravel or sand , are technically non-renewable , but they are so abundant
Non-renewable resources vary in their availability; some are very abundant and others are rare. Materials, such as gravel or sand, are technically non-renewable, but they are so abundant that running out is no issue. Some resources are truly limited in quantity: when they are gone, they are gone, and something must be found that will replace them. [SEP] running out is no issue .
Some resources are truly limited in quantity: when they are gone, they are gone, and something must be found that will replace them. There are even resources, such as diamonds and rubies, that are valuable in part because they are so rare.  [SEP] they are so rare .
Some resources are truly limited in quantity: when they are gone, they are gone, and something must be found that will replace them. There are even resources, such as diamonds and rubies, that are valuable in part because they are so rare.  [SEP] There are even resources , such as diamonds and rubies , that are valuable in part
However, the biggest users of oil, the United States, China, and Japan, are all located outside this oil-rich region. This leads to a situation in which the availability and price of the oil is determined largely by one set of countries that have their own interests to look out for. The result has sometimes been war, which may have been attributed to all sorts of reasons, but at the bottom, the reason is oil. [SEP] However , the biggest users of oil , the United States , China , and Japan , are all located outside this oil-rich region
However, the biggest users of oil, the United States, China, and Japan, are all located outside this oil-rich region. This leads to a situation in which the availability and price of the oil is determined largely by one set of countries that have their own interests to look out for. The result has sometimes been war, which may have been attributed to all sorts of reasons, but at the bottom, the reason is oil. [SEP] a situation in which the availability and price of the oil is determined largely by one set of countries that have their own interests to look out for
This leads to a situation in which the availability and price of the oil is determined largely by one set of countries that have their own interests to look out for. The result has sometimes been war, which may have been attributed to all sorts of reasons, but at the bottom, the reason is oil.  [SEP] This leads to a situation in which the availability and price of the oil is determined largely by one set of countries that have their own interests to look out for
This leads to a situation in which the availability and price of the oil is determined largely by one set of countries that have their own interests to look out for. The result has sometimes been war, which may have been attributed to all sorts of reasons, but at the bottom, the reason is oil.  [SEP] oil
Besides abundance, a resources value is determined by how easy it is to locate and extract. If a resource is difficult to use, it will not be used until the price for that resource becomes so great that it is worth paying for. For example, the oceans are filled with an abundant supply of water, but desalination is costly, so it is used only where water is really limited (Figure 1.1). [SEP] If a resource is difficult to use , it will not be used until the price for that resource becomes so great
Besides abundance, a resources value is determined by how easy it is to locate and extract. If a resource is difficult to use, it will not be used until the price for that resource becomes so great that it is worth paying for. For example, the oceans are filled with an abundant supply of water, but desalination is costly, so it is used only where water is really limited (Figure 1.1). [SEP] it is worth paying for .
Besides abundance, a resources value is determined by how easy it is to locate and extract. If a resource is difficult to use, it will not be used until the price for that resource becomes so great that it is worth paying for. For example, the oceans are filled with an abundant supply of water, but desalination is costly, so it is used only where water is really limited (Figure 1.1). [SEP] a resource is difficult to use
Besides abundance, a resources value is determined by how easy it is to locate and extract. If a resource is difficult to use, it will not be used until the price for that resource becomes so great that it is worth paying for. For example, the oceans are filled with an abundant supply of water, but desalination is costly, so it is used only where water is really limited (Figure 1.1). [SEP] it will not be used until the price for that resource becomes so great
If a resource is difficult to use, it will not be used until the price for that resource becomes so great that it is worth paying for. For example, the oceans are filled with an abundant supply of water, but desalination is costly, so it is used only where water is really limited (Figure 1.1). As the cost of desalination plants comes down, more will likely be built. [SEP] , the oceans are filled with an abundant supply of water , but desalination is costly
If a resource is difficult to use, it will not be used until the price for that resource becomes so great that it is worth paying for. For example, the oceans are filled with an abundant supply of water, but desalination is costly, so it is used only where water is really limited (Figure 1.1). As the cost of desalination plants comes down, more will likely be built. [SEP] it is used only where water is really limited -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
For example, the oceans are filled with an abundant supply of water, but desalination is costly, so it is used only where water is really limited (Figure 1.1). As the cost of desalination plants comes down, more will likely be built. Tampa Bay, Florida, has one of the few desalination plants in the United States. [SEP] the cost of desalination plants comes down , more will likely be built .
For example, the oceans are filled with an abundant supply of water, but desalination is costly, so it is used only where water is really limited (Figure 1.1). As the cost of desalination plants comes down, more will likely be built. Tampa Bay, Florida, has one of the few desalination plants in the United States. [SEP] it is used only where water is really limited -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
Pollution from discarded materials degrades the land, air, and water (Figure 1.3). Natural resource use is generally lower in developing countries because people cannot afford many products. Some of these nations export natural resources to the developed world since their deposits may be richer and the cost of labor lower. [SEP] people can not afford many products .
Pollution from discarded materials degrades the land, air, and water (Figure 1.3). Natural resource use is generally lower in developing countries because people cannot afford many products. Some of these nations export natural resources to the developed world since their deposits may be richer and the cost of labor lower. [SEP] Natural resource use is generally lower in developing countries
Natural resource use is generally lower in developing countries because people cannot afford many products. Some of these nations export natural resources to the developed world since their deposits may be richer and the cost of labor lower. Environmental regulations are often more lax, further lowering the cost of resource extraction. [SEP] their deposits may be richer and the cost of labor lower .
Natural resource use is generally lower in developing countries because people cannot afford many products. Some of these nations export natural resources to the developed world since their deposits may be richer and the cost of labor lower. Environmental regulations are often more lax, further lowering the cost of resource extraction. [SEP] Some of these nations export natural resources to the developed world
The majority of these bunks are below waterline, which makes for good sleeping in the daytime. Ship time is really expensive research, so vessels operate all night and so do the scientists. Your watch, as your time on duty is called, may be 12-4, 4-8 or 8-12 - thats AM and PM. [SEP] Ship time is really expensive research
The majority of these bunks are below waterline, which makes for good sleeping in the daytime. Ship time is really expensive research, so vessels operate all night and so do the scientists. Your watch, as your time on duty is called, may be 12-4, 4-8 or 8-12 - thats AM and PM. [SEP] vessels operate all night and so do the scientists .
The majority of these bunks are below waterline, which makes for good sleeping in the daytime. Ship time is really expensive research, so vessels operate all night and so do the scientists. Your watch, as your time on duty is called, may be 12-4, 4-8 or 8-12 - thats AM and PM. [SEP] vessels operate all night
The majority of these bunks are below waterline, which makes for good sleeping in the daytime. Ship time is really expensive research, so vessels operate all night and so do the scientists. Your watch, as your time on duty is called, may be 12-4, 4-8 or 8-12 - thats AM and PM. [SEP] do the scientists .
If youre mostly doing operations that dont involve Alvin, you may just be up at night. For safety reasons, Alvin is deployed and recovered only in daylight. Alvin is deployed from the stern of the R/V Atlantis. [SEP] If youre mostly doing operations that dont involve Alvin , you may just be up at night
If youre mostly doing operations that dont involve Alvin, you may just be up at night. For safety reasons, Alvin is deployed and recovered only in daylight. Alvin is deployed from the stern of the R/V Atlantis. [SEP] Alvin is deployed and recovered only in daylight .
Transit time to the research site can take days. By doing this virtually, we dont have to spend days in transit to our research site, and we dont have to get seasick! As we head to the site, we will run the echo sounder. [SEP] doing this virtually
Transit time to the research site can take days. By doing this virtually, we dont have to spend days in transit to our research site, and we dont have to get seasick! As we head to the site, we will run the echo sounder. [SEP] , we dont have to spend days in transit to our research site , and we dont have to get seasick !
By doing this virtually, we dont have to spend days in transit to our research site, and we dont have to get seasick! As we head to the site, we will run the echo sounder. Lets see what we can find! [SEP] we head to the site , we will run the echo sounder .
By doing this virtually, we dont have to spend days in transit to our research site, and we dont have to get seasick! As we head to the site, we will run the echo sounder. Lets see what we can find! [SEP] and we dont have to get seasick !
The people who first mapped the seafloor were aboard military vessels during World War II. As stated in the Earth as a Planet chapter, echo sounders used sound waves to search for submarines, but also produced a map of seafloor depths. Depth sounding continued in earnest after the war. [SEP] stated in the Earth as a Planet chapter , echo sounders used sound waves to search for submarines , but also produced a map of seafloor depths .
The people who first mapped the seafloor were aboard military vessels during World War II. As stated in the Earth as a Planet chapter, echo sounders used sound waves to search for submarines, but also produced a map of seafloor depths. Depth sounding continued in earnest after the war. [SEP] The people who first mapped the seafloor were aboard military vessels during World War II .
Scientists pieced together the ocean depths to produce bathymetric maps of the seafloor. During WWII and in the decade or so later, echo sounders had only one beam, so they just returned a line showing the depth beneath the ship. Later echo sounders sent out multiple beams and could create a bathymetric map of the seafloor below. [SEP] pieced together the ocean depths to produce bathymetric maps of the seafloor . During WWII and in the decade or
Scientists pieced together the ocean depths to produce bathymetric maps of the seafloor. During WWII and in the decade or so later, echo sounders had only one beam, so they just returned a line showing the depth beneath the ship. Later echo sounders sent out multiple beams and could create a bathymetric map of the seafloor below. [SEP] later , echo sounders had only one beam , so they just returned a line showing the depth beneath the ship .
Later echo sounders sent out multiple beams and could create a bathymetric map of the seafloor below. We will run a multi-beam echo sounder as we go from Woods Hole out to the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.  [SEP] we go from Woods Hole out to the Mid-Atlantic Ridge .
Later echo sounders sent out multiple beams and could create a bathymetric map of the seafloor below. We will run a multi-beam echo sounder as we go from Woods Hole out to the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.  [SEP] We will run a multi-beam echo sounder
Although they expected an expanse of flat, featureless plains, scientists were shocked to find tremendous features like mountain ranges, rifts, and trenches. This work continues on oceanographic research vessels as they sail across the seas today. The map in the Figure 1.2 is a modern map with data from several decades. [SEP] they sail across the seas today .
Although they expected an expanse of flat, featureless plains, scientists were shocked to find tremendous features like mountain ranges, rifts, and trenches. This work continues on oceanographic research vessels as they sail across the seas today. The map in the Figure 1.2 is a modern map with data from several decades. [SEP] This work continues on oceanographic research vessels
The map in the Figure 1.2 is a modern map with data from several decades. The major features of the ocean basins and their colors on the map in Figure 1.2 include: mid-ocean ridges: these features rise up high above the deep seafloor as a long chain of mountains, e.g. the light blue gash in middle of Atlantic Ocean. rift zones: in the middle of the mid-ocean ridges is a rift zone that is lower in elevation than the mountains surrounding it. [SEP] a long chain of mountains , e.g. the light blue gash in middle of Atlantic Ocean .
The map in the Figure 1.2 is a modern map with data from several decades. The major features of the ocean basins and their colors on the map in Figure 1.2 include: mid-ocean ridges: these features rise up high above the deep seafloor as a long chain of mountains, e.g. the light blue gash in middle of Atlantic Ocean. rift zones: in the middle of the mid-ocean ridges is a rift zone that is lower in elevation than the mountains surrounding it. [SEP] these features rise up high above the deep seafloor
The Big Bang theory is the most widely accepted cosmological explanation of how the universe formed. If we start at the present and go back into the past, the universe is contracting  getting smaller and smaller. What is the end result of a contracting universe? [SEP] we start at the present and go back into the past
The Big Bang theory is the most widely accepted cosmological explanation of how the universe formed. If we start at the present and go back into the past, the universe is contracting  getting smaller and smaller. What is the end result of a contracting universe? [SEP] the universe is contracting getting smaller and smaller .
What is the end result of a contracting universe? According to the Big Bang theory, the universe began about 13.7 billion years ago. Everything that is now in the universe was squeezed into a very small volume. [SEP] the Big Bang theory
What is the end result of a contracting universe? According to the Big Bang theory, the universe began about 13.7 billion years ago. Everything that is now in the universe was squeezed into a very small volume. [SEP] the universe began about 13.7 billion years ago .
What came before the Big Bang? There is no way for scientists to know since there is no remaining evidence.  [SEP] there is no remaining evidence .
What came before the Big Bang? There is no way for scientists to know since there is no remaining evidence.  [SEP] There is no way for scientists to know
In the first few moments after the Big Bang, the universe was unimaginably hot and dense. As the universe expanded, it became less dense and began to cool. After only a few seconds, protons, neutrons, and electrons could form. [SEP] the universe expanded , it became less dense and began to cool .
In the first few moments after the Big Bang, the universe was unimaginably hot and dense. As the universe expanded, it became less dense and began to cool. After only a few seconds, protons, neutrons, and electrons could form. [SEP] In the first few moments after the Big Bang , the universe was unimaginably hot and dense .
Eventually, these clumps formed countless trillions of stars, billions of galaxies, and other structures that now form most of the visible mass of the universe. If you look at an image of galaxies at the far edge of what we can see, you are looking at great distances. But you are also looking across a different type of distance. [SEP] you look at an image of galaxies at the far edge of what we can see
Eventually, these clumps formed countless trillions of stars, billions of galaxies, and other structures that now form most of the visible mass of the universe. If you look at an image of galaxies at the far edge of what we can see, you are looking at great distances. But you are also looking across a different type of distance. [SEP] you are looking at great distances .
What do those far away galaxies represent? Because it takes so long for light from so far away to reach us, you are also looking back in time (Figure 1.2).  [SEP] Because it takes
What do those far away galaxies represent? Because it takes so long for light from so far away to reach us, you are also looking back in time (Figure 1.2).  [SEP] long for light from so far away to reach us , you are also looking back in time -LRB- Figure 1.2 -RRB- .
This tiny amount of heat is left over from the Big Bang. Since nearly Images from very far away show what the universe was like not too long after the Big Bang. all astronomers now accept the Big Bang hypothesis, what is it usually referred to as? [SEP] nearly Images from very far away show what the universe was like not too long after the Big Bang .
This tiny amount of heat is left over from the Big Bang. Since nearly Images from very far away show what the universe was like not too long after the Big Bang. all astronomers now accept the Big Bang hypothesis, what is it usually referred to as? [SEP] This tiny amount of heat is left over from the Big Bang .
Carbon is a very important element to living things. As the second most common element in the human body, we know that human life without carbon would not be possible. Protein, carbohydrates, and fats are all part of the body and all contain carbon. [SEP] the second most common element in the human body , we know that human life without carbon would not be possible .
Carbon is a very important element to living things. As the second most common element in the human body, we know that human life without carbon would not be possible. Protein, carbohydrates, and fats are all part of the body and all contain carbon. [SEP] Carbon is a very important element to living things .
This means that a small increase or decrease in the atmospheric CO2 can have a large effect. By measuring the composition of air bubbles trapped in glacial ice, scientists can learn the amount of atmospheric CO2 at times in the past. Of particular interest is the time just before the Industrial Revolution, when society began to use fossil fuels. [SEP] measuring the composition of air bubbles trapped in glacial ice
This means that a small increase or decrease in the atmospheric CO2 can have a large effect. By measuring the composition of air bubbles trapped in glacial ice, scientists can learn the amount of atmospheric CO2 at times in the past. Of particular interest is the time just before the Industrial Revolution, when society began to use fossil fuels. [SEP] , scientists can learn the amount of atmospheric CO2 at times in the past .
In 2014, the atmospheric CO2 content had risen to around 400 ppm. The amount of CO2 in the atmosphere has been measured at Mauna Loa Obser- vatory since 1958. The blue line shows yearly averaged CO2 . [SEP] 1958 . The blue line shows yearly averaged CO2
In 2014, the atmospheric CO2 content had risen to around 400 ppm. The amount of CO2 in the atmosphere has been measured at Mauna Loa Obser- vatory since 1958. The blue line shows yearly averaged CO2 . [SEP] The amount of CO2 in the atmosphere has been measured at Mauna Loa Obser - vatory
The red line shows seasonal variations in CO2 . This is an increase in atmospheric CO2 of 40% since the before the Industrial Revolution. About 65% of that increase has occurred since the first CO2 measurements were made on Mauna Loa Volcano, Hawaii, in 1958. [SEP] the before the Industrial Revolution . About 65 % of that increase has occurred since the first CO2 measurements were made on Mauna Loa Volcano , Hawaii , in 1958
The red line shows seasonal variations in CO2 . This is an increase in atmospheric CO2 of 40% since the before the Industrial Revolution. About 65% of that increase has occurred since the first CO2 measurements were made on Mauna Loa Volcano, Hawaii, in 1958. [SEP] This is an increase in atmospheric CO2 of 40 %
This is an increase in atmospheric CO2 of 40% since the before the Industrial Revolution. About 65% of that increase has occurred since the first CO2 measurements were made on Mauna Loa Volcano, Hawaii, in 1958.  [SEP] the first CO2 measurements were made on Mauna Loa Volcano , Hawaii , in 1958 .
This is an increase in atmospheric CO2 of 40% since the before the Industrial Revolution. About 65% of that increase has occurred since the first CO2 measurements were made on Mauna Loa Volcano, Hawaii, in 1958.  [SEP] About 65 % of that increase has occurred
 Humans have changed the natural balance of the carbon cycle because we use coal, oil, and natural gas to supply our energy demands. Fossil fuels are a sink for CO2 when they form, but they are a source for CO2 when they are burned. [SEP] we use coal
 Humans have changed the natural balance of the carbon cycle because we use coal, oil, and natural gas to supply our energy demands. Fossil fuels are a sink for CO2 when they form, but they are a source for CO2 when they are burned. [SEP] oil , and natural gas to supply our energy demands .
The equation for combustion of propane, which is a simple hydrocarbon looks like this: The equation shows that when propane burns, it uses oxygen and produces carbon dioxide and water. So when a car burns a tank of gas, the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere increases just a little. Added over millions of tanks of gas and coal burned for electricity in power plants and all of the other sources of CO2 , the result is the increase in atmospheric CO2 seen in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] The equation for combustion of propane , which is a simple hydrocarbon looks like this : The equation shows that when propane burns , it uses oxygen and produces carbon dioxide and water
The equation for combustion of propane, which is a simple hydrocarbon looks like this: The equation shows that when propane burns, it uses oxygen and produces carbon dioxide and water. So when a car burns a tank of gas, the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere increases just a little. Added over millions of tanks of gas and coal burned for electricity in power plants and all of the other sources of CO2 , the result is the increase in atmospheric CO2 seen in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] when a car burns a tank of gas , the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere increases just a little .
So when a car burns a tank of gas, the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere increases just a little. Added over millions of tanks of gas and coal burned for electricity in power plants and all of the other sources of CO2 , the result is the increase in atmospheric CO2 seen in the Figure 1.2. The second largest source of atmospheric CO2 is deforestation (Figure 1.3). [SEP] Added over millions of tanks of gas and coal burned for electricity in power plants and all of the other sources of CO2
So when a car burns a tank of gas, the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere increases just a little. Added over millions of tanks of gas and coal burned for electricity in power plants and all of the other sources of CO2 , the result is the increase in atmospheric CO2 seen in the Figure 1.2. The second largest source of atmospheric CO2 is deforestation (Figure 1.3). [SEP] the increase in atmospheric CO2 seen in the Figure 1.2
Trees that are cut down lose their ability to absorb CO2 . If the tree is burned or decomposes, it becomes a source of CO2 . A forest can go from being a carbon sink to being a carbon source. [SEP] the tree is burned or decomposes
Trees that are cut down lose their ability to absorb CO2 . If the tree is burned or decomposes, it becomes a source of CO2 . A forest can go from being a carbon sink to being a carbon source. [SEP] it becomes a source of CO2 .
Places that supply and remove carbon are carbon sources and carbon sinks, respectively. If more carbon is provided than stored, the place is a carbon source. If more carbon dioxide is absorbed than is emitted, the reservoir is a carbon sink. [SEP] more carbon is provided than stored
Places that supply and remove carbon are carbon sources and carbon sinks, respectively. If more carbon is provided than stored, the place is a carbon source. If more carbon dioxide is absorbed than is emitted, the reservoir is a carbon sink. [SEP] the place is a carbon source .
If more carbon is provided than stored, the place is a carbon source. If more carbon dioxide is absorbed than is emitted, the reservoir is a carbon sink. What are some examples of carbon sources and sinks? [SEP] more carbon dioxide is absorbed than is emitted
If more carbon is provided than stored, the place is a carbon source. If more carbon dioxide is absorbed than is emitted, the reservoir is a carbon sink. What are some examples of carbon sources and sinks? [SEP] the reservoir is a carbon sink .
Most air pollutants come from burning fossil fuels or plant material. Some are the result of evaporation from human- made materials. Nearly half (49%) of air pollution comes from transportation, 28% from factories and power plants, and the remaining pollution from a variety of other sources. [SEP] evaporation from human - made materials
Most air pollutants come from burning fossil fuels or plant material. Some are the result of evaporation from human- made materials. Nearly half (49%) of air pollution comes from transportation, 28% from factories and power plants, and the remaining pollution from a variety of other sources. [SEP] Some
Pure coal and petroleum can burn cleanly and emit only carbon dioxide and water, but most of the time these fossil fuels do not burn completely and the incomplete chemical reactions produce pollutants. Few sources of these fossil fuels are pure, so other pollutants are usually released. These pollutants include carbon monoxide, nitrogen dioxide, sulfur dioxide, and hydrocarbons. [SEP] Few sources of these fossil fuels are pure
Pure coal and petroleum can burn cleanly and emit only carbon dioxide and water, but most of the time these fossil fuels do not burn completely and the incomplete chemical reactions produce pollutants. Few sources of these fossil fuels are pure, so other pollutants are usually released. These pollutants include carbon monoxide, nitrogen dioxide, sulfur dioxide, and hydrocarbons. [SEP] other pollutants are usually released .
Mercury droplets eventually fall to the ground. If they fall into sediments, bacteria convert them to the most dangerous form of mercury: methyl mercury. Highly toxic, methyl mercury is one of the metals organic forms. [SEP] they fall into sediments
Mercury droplets eventually fall to the ground. If they fall into sediments, bacteria convert them to the most dangerous form of mercury: methyl mercury. Highly toxic, methyl mercury is one of the metals organic forms. [SEP] bacteria convert them to the most dangerous form of mercury : methyl mercury .
The pollutants are much the same as from burning fossil fuels: CO2 , carbon monoxide, methane, particulates, nitrous oxide, hydrocarbons, and organic and elemental carbon. Burning forests increases greenhouse gases in the atmosphere by releasing the CO2 stored in the biomass and also by removing the forest so that it cannot store CO2 in the future. As with all forms of air pollution, the smoke from biomass burning often spreads far and pollutants can plague neighboring states or countries. [SEP] Burning forests increases greenhouse gases in the atmosphere by releasing the CO2 stored in the biomass and also by removing the forest
The pollutants are much the same as from burning fossil fuels: CO2 , carbon monoxide, methane, particulates, nitrous oxide, hydrocarbons, and organic and elemental carbon. Burning forests increases greenhouse gases in the atmosphere by releasing the CO2 stored in the biomass and also by removing the forest so that it cannot store CO2 in the future. As with all forms of air pollution, the smoke from biomass burning often spreads far and pollutants can plague neighboring states or countries. [SEP] it can not store CO2 in the future .
The pollutants are much the same as from burning fossil fuels: CO2 , carbon monoxide, methane, particulates, nitrous oxide, hydrocarbons, and organic and elemental carbon. Burning forests increases greenhouse gases in the atmosphere by releasing the CO2 stored in the biomass and also by removing the forest so that it cannot store CO2 in the future. As with all forms of air pollution, the smoke from biomass burning often spreads far and pollutants can plague neighboring states or countries. [SEP] releasing the CO2 stored in the biomass
The pollutants are much the same as from burning fossil fuels: CO2 , carbon monoxide, methane, particulates, nitrous oxide, hydrocarbons, and organic and elemental carbon. Burning forests increases greenhouse gases in the atmosphere by releasing the CO2 stored in the biomass and also by removing the forest so that it cannot store CO2 in the future. As with all forms of air pollution, the smoke from biomass burning often spreads far and pollutants can plague neighboring states or countries. [SEP] Burning forests increases greenhouse gases in the atmosphere
Burning forests increases greenhouse gases in the atmosphere by releasing the CO2 stored in the biomass and also by removing the forest so that it cannot store CO2 in the future. As with all forms of air pollution, the smoke from biomass burning often spreads far and pollutants can plague neighboring states or countries. Particulates result when anything is burned. [SEP] with all forms of air pollution , the smoke from biomass burning often spreads
Burning forests increases greenhouse gases in the atmosphere by releasing the CO2 stored in the biomass and also by removing the forest so that it cannot store CO2 in the future. As with all forms of air pollution, the smoke from biomass burning often spreads far and pollutants can plague neighboring states or countries. Particulates result when anything is burned. [SEP] Burning forests increases greenhouse gases in the atmosphere by releasing the CO2 stored in the biomass and also by removing the forest so that it can not store CO2 in the future .
No one knows how or when life first began on the turbulent early Earth. There is little hard evidence from so long ago. Scientists think that it is extremely likely that life began and was wiped out more than once; for example, by the impact that created the Moon. [SEP] There is little hard evidence from
No one knows how or when life first began on the turbulent early Earth. There is little hard evidence from so long ago. Scientists think that it is extremely likely that life began and was wiped out more than once; for example, by the impact that created the Moon. [SEP] long ago . Scientists think that it is extremely likely that life began and was wiped out more than once ; for example , by the impact that created the Moon
seek traces of life left by ancient microorganisms, also called microbes, such as microscopic features or isotopic ratios indicative of life. Any traces of life from this time period are so ancient it is difficult to be certain whether they originated by biological or non-biological means. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] Any traces of life from this time period are
seek traces of life left by ancient microorganisms, also called microbes, such as microscopic features or isotopic ratios indicative of life. Any traces of life from this time period are so ancient it is difficult to be certain whether they originated by biological or non-biological means. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] ancient it is difficult to be certain whether they originated by biological or non-biological
 To see if amino acids could originate in the environment thought to be present in the first years of Earths existence, Stanley Miller and Harold Urey performed a famous experiment in 1953. To simulate the early atmosphere [SEP] amino acids could originate in the environment thought to be present in the first years of Earths existence
 To see if amino acids could originate in the environment thought to be present in the first years of Earths existence, Stanley Miller and Harold Urey performed a famous experiment in 1953. To simulate the early atmosphere [SEP] Stanley Miller and Harold Urey performed a famous experiment in 1953 .
Amino acids might also have originated at hydrothermal vents or deep in the crust where Earths internal heat is the energy source. Meteorites containing amino acids currently enter the Earth system and so meteorites could have delivered amino acids to the planet from elsewhere in the solar system (where they would have formed by processes similar to those outlined here).  [SEP] Meteorites containing amino acids currently enter the Earth system
Amino acids might also have originated at hydrothermal vents or deep in the crust where Earths internal heat is the energy source. Meteorites containing amino acids currently enter the Earth system and so meteorites could have delivered amino acids to the planet from elsewhere in the solar system (where they would have formed by processes similar to those outlined here).  [SEP] meteorites could have delivered amino acids to the planet from elsewhere in the solar system -LRB- where they would have formed by processes similar to those outlined here -RRB- .
 Amino acids are the building blocks of life because they create proteins. To form proteins, the amino acids are linked together by covalent bonds to form polymers called polypeptide chains (Figure 1.1). [SEP] they create proteins .
 Amino acids are the building blocks of life because they create proteins. To form proteins, the amino acids are linked together by covalent bonds to form polymers called polypeptide chains (Figure 1.1). [SEP] Amino acids are the building blocks of life
 Ions come together to create a molecule so that electrical charges are balanced; the positive charges balance the negative charges and the molecule has no electrical charge. To balance electrical charge, an atom may share its electron with another atom, give it away, or receive an electron from another atom. [SEP] Ions come together to create a molecule
 Ions come together to create a molecule so that electrical charges are balanced; the positive charges balance the negative charges and the molecule has no electrical charge. To balance electrical charge, an atom may share its electron with another atom, give it away, or receive an electron from another atom. [SEP] electrical charges are balanced ; the positive charges balance the negative charges and the molecule has no electrical charge .
The transfer of the electron gives the lithium ion a net charge of +1, and the fluorine ion a net charge of -1. These ions bond because they experience an attractive force due to the difference in sign of their charges. Covalent bond : In a covalent bond, an atom shares one or more electrons with another atom. [SEP] they experience an attractive force due to the difference in sign of their charges .
The transfer of the electron gives the lithium ion a net charge of +1, and the fluorine ion a net charge of -1. These ions bond because they experience an attractive force due to the difference in sign of their charges. Covalent bond : In a covalent bond, an atom shares one or more electrons with another atom. [SEP] These ions bond
The transfer of the electron gives the lithium ion a net charge of +1, and the fluorine ion a net charge of -1. These ions bond because they experience an attractive force due to the difference in sign of their charges. Covalent bond : In a covalent bond, an atom shares one or more electrons with another atom. [SEP] the difference in sign of their charges
The transfer of the electron gives the lithium ion a net charge of +1, and the fluorine ion a net charge of -1. These ions bond because they experience an attractive force due to the difference in sign of their charges. Covalent bond : In a covalent bond, an atom shares one or more electrons with another atom. [SEP] they experience an attractive force
Hydrogen bond: These weak, intermolecular bonds are formed when the positive side of one polar molecule is attracted to the negative side of another polar molecule. Water is a classic example of a polar molecule because it has a slightly positive side, and a slightly negative side. In fact, this property is why water is so good at dissolving things. [SEP] it has a slightly positive side , and a slightly negative side .
Hydrogen bond: These weak, intermolecular bonds are formed when the positive side of one polar molecule is attracted to the negative side of another polar molecule. Water is a classic example of a polar molecule because it has a slightly positive side, and a slightly negative side. In fact, this property is why water is so good at dissolving things. [SEP] Water is a classic example of a polar molecule
Water is a classic example of a polar molecule because it has a slightly positive side, and a slightly negative side. In fact, this property is why water is so good at dissolving things. The positive side of the molecule is attracted to Methane is formed when four hydrogens and one carbon covalently bond. [SEP] In fact , this property is why water is
Water is a classic example of a polar molecule because it has a slightly positive side, and a slightly negative side. In fact, this property is why water is so good at dissolving things. The positive side of the molecule is attracted to Methane is formed when four hydrogens and one carbon covalently bond. [SEP] good at dissolving things . The positive side of the molecule is attracted to Methane is formed when four hydrogens and one carbon covalently bond
Thoroughly cleaning an aquifer would require cleansing each pore within the soil or rock unit. For this reason, cleaning polluted groundwater is very costly, takes years, and is sometimes not technically feasible. If the toxic materials can be removed from the aquifer, disposing of them is another challenge. [SEP] Thoroughly cleaning an aquifer would require cleansing each pore within the soil or rock unit
Thoroughly cleaning an aquifer would require cleansing each pore within the soil or rock unit. For this reason, cleaning polluted groundwater is very costly, takes years, and is sometimes not technically feasible. If the toxic materials can be removed from the aquifer, disposing of them is another challenge. [SEP] cleaning polluted groundwater is very costly , takes years , and is sometimes not technically feasible .
For this reason, cleaning polluted groundwater is very costly, takes years, and is sometimes not technically feasible. If the toxic materials can be removed from the aquifer, disposing of them is another challenge.  [SEP] the toxic materials can be removed from the aquifer
For this reason, cleaning polluted groundwater is very costly, takes years, and is sometimes not technically feasible. If the toxic materials can be removed from the aquifer, disposing of them is another challenge.  [SEP] disposing of them is another challenge
 Using the well data, the hydrologist uses a computer program with information on the permeability of the aquifer and the direction and rate of groundwater flow, then models the plume to predict the dispersal of the contaminant through the aquifer. Drilling test wells to monitor pollution is expensive. [SEP] Using the well data
 Using the well data, the hydrologist uses a computer program with information on the permeability of the aquifer and the direction and rate of groundwater flow, then models the plume to predict the dispersal of the contaminant through the aquifer. Drilling test wells to monitor pollution is expensive. [SEP] the hydrologist uses a computer program with information on the permeability of the aquifer and the direction and rate of groundwater flow , then models the plume to predict the dispersal of the contaminant through the aquifer .
 If the source is an underground tank, the tank will be pumped dry and then dug out from the ground. If the source is a factory that is releasing toxic chemicals that are ending up in the groundwater, the factory may be required to stop the discharge. [SEP] the source is an underground tank
 If the source is an underground tank, the tank will be pumped dry and then dug out from the ground. If the source is a factory that is releasing toxic chemicals that are ending up in the groundwater, the factory may be required to stop the discharge. [SEP] the tank will be pumped dry and then dug out from the ground .
If the source is an underground tank, the tank will be pumped dry and then dug out from the ground. If the source is a factory that is releasing toxic chemicals that are ending up in the groundwater, the factory may be required to stop the discharge.  [SEP] the source is a factory that is releasing toxic chemicals that are ending up in the groundwater
If the source is an underground tank, the tank will be pumped dry and then dug out from the ground. If the source is a factory that is releasing toxic chemicals that are ending up in the groundwater, the factory may be required to stop the discharge.  [SEP] the factory may be required to stop the discharge .
Air may be pumped into the polluted region to encourage the growth and reproduction of the microbes. With chemical remediation, a chemical is pumped into the aquifer so the contaminant is destroyed. Acids or bases can neutralize contaminants or cause pollutants to precipitate from the water. [SEP] With chemical remediation , a chemical is pumped into the aquifer
Air may be pumped into the polluted region to encourage the growth and reproduction of the microbes. With chemical remediation, a chemical is pumped into the aquifer so the contaminant is destroyed. Acids or bases can neutralize contaminants or cause pollutants to precipitate from the water. [SEP] the contaminant is destroyed .
The most difficult and expensive option is for reclamation teams to pump the water to the surface, cleanse it using chemical or biological methods, then re-inject it into the aquifer. The contaminated portions of the aquifer must be dug up and the pollutant destroyed by incinerating or chemically processing the soil, which is then returned to the ground. This technique is often prohibitively expensive and is done only in extreme cases. [SEP] incinerating or chemically processing the soil , which is then returned to the ground
The most difficult and expensive option is for reclamation teams to pump the water to the surface, cleanse it using chemical or biological methods, then re-inject it into the aquifer. The contaminated portions of the aquifer must be dug up and the pollutant destroyed by incinerating or chemically processing the soil, which is then returned to the ground. This technique is often prohibitively expensive and is done only in extreme cases. [SEP] the pollutant destroyed
Glaciers advanced and retreated in cycles, known as glacial and interglacial periods. With so much of the worlds water bound into the ice, sea level was about 125 meters (395 feet) lower than it is today. Many scientists think that we are now in a warm, interglacial period that has lasted about 10,000 years. [SEP] advanced and retreated in cycles , known as glacial and interglacial periods . With
Glaciers advanced and retreated in cycles, known as glacial and interglacial periods. With so much of the worlds water bound into the ice, sea level was about 125 meters (395 feet) lower than it is today. Many scientists think that we are now in a warm, interglacial period that has lasted about 10,000 years. [SEP] much of the worlds water bound into the ice , sea level was about 125 meters -LRB- 395 feet -RRB- lower than it is today .
Precipitation: Winters are cold and stormy (look at the latitude of this zone and see if you can figure out why). Snowfall is common and snow stays on the ground for long periods of time. [SEP] you can figure out why
Precipitation: Winters are cold and stormy (look at the latitude of this zone and see if you can figure out why). Snowfall is common and snow stays on the ground for long periods of time. [SEP] Winters are cold and stormy -LRB- look at the latitude of this zone and see
Snowfall is common and snow stays on the ground for long periods of time. Trees grow in continental climates, even though winters are extremely cold, because the average annual temperature is fairly mild. Continental climates are not found in the Southern Hemisphere because of the absence of a continent large enough to generate this effect. [SEP] the average annual temperature is fairly mild .
Snowfall is common and snow stays on the ground for long periods of time. Trees grow in continental climates, even though winters are extremely cold, because the average annual temperature is fairly mild. Continental climates are not found in the Southern Hemisphere because of the absence of a continent large enough to generate this effect. [SEP] Trees grow in continental climates , even though winters are extremely cold
Trees grow in continental climates, even though winters are extremely cold, because the average annual temperature is fairly mild. Continental climates are not found in the Southern Hemisphere because of the absence of a continent large enough to generate this effect.  [SEP] the absence of a continent large enough to generate this effect
Trees grow in continental climates, even though winters are extremely cold, because the average annual temperature is fairly mild. Continental climates are not found in the Southern Hemisphere because of the absence of a continent large enough to generate this effect.  [SEP] Continental climates are not found in the Southern Hemisphere
Each group is divided into subcategories. Some of these subcategories are forest, monsoon, and wet/dry types, based on the amount of precipitation and season when that precipitation occurs (Figure 1.1). This world map of the Kppen classification system indicates where the climate zones and major biomes are located. [SEP] the amount of precipitation and season when that precipitation occurs -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB-
Each group is divided into subcategories. Some of these subcategories are forest, monsoon, and wet/dry types, based on the amount of precipitation and season when that precipitation occurs (Figure 1.1). This world map of the Kppen classification system indicates where the climate zones and major biomes are located. [SEP] Some of these subcategories are forest , monsoon , and wet/dry types
A climate type and its plants and animals make up a biome. The organisms of a biome share certain characteristics around the world, because their environment has similar advantages and challenges. The organisms have adapted to that environment in similar ways over time. [SEP] their environment has similar advantages and challenges .
A climate type and its plants and animals make up a biome. The organisms of a biome share certain characteristics around the world, because their environment has similar advantages and challenges. The organisms have adapted to that environment in similar ways over time. [SEP] The organisms of a biome share certain characteristics around the world
Summer days are long, but the Sun is low on the horizon so summers are cool. The average temperature of the warmest month is less than 10o [SEP] Summer days are long , but the Sun is low on the horizon
Summer days are long, but the Sun is low on the horizon so summers are cool. The average temperature of the warmest month is less than 10o [SEP] summers are cool .
When climate conditions in a small area are different from those of the surroundings, the climate of the small area is called a microclimate. The microclimate of a valley may be cool relative to its surroundings since cold air sinks. The ground surface may be hotter or colder than the air a few feet above it, because rock and soil gain and lose heat readily. [SEP] cold air sinks . The ground surface may be hotter or colder than the air a few feet above it , because rock and soil gain and lose heat readily
When climate conditions in a small area are different from those of the surroundings, the climate of the small area is called a microclimate. The microclimate of a valley may be cool relative to its surroundings since cold air sinks. The ground surface may be hotter or colder than the air a few feet above it, because rock and soil gain and lose heat readily. [SEP] The microclimate of a valley may be cool relative to its surroundings
The microclimate of a valley may be cool relative to its surroundings since cold air sinks. The ground surface may be hotter or colder than the air a few feet above it, because rock and soil gain and lose heat readily. Different sides of a mountain will have different microclimates. [SEP] rock and soil gain and lose heat readily .
The microclimate of a valley may be cool relative to its surroundings since cold air sinks. The ground surface may be hotter or colder than the air a few feet above it, because rock and soil gain and lose heat readily. Different sides of a mountain will have different microclimates. [SEP] The ground surface may be hotter or colder than the air a few feet above it
Different sides of a mountain will have different microclimates. In the Northern Hemisphere, a south-facing slope receives more solar energy than a north-facing slope, so each side supports different amounts and types of vegetation. Altitude mimics latitude in climate zones. [SEP] In the Northern Hemisphere , a south-facing slope receives more solar energy than a north-facing slope
Different sides of a mountain will have different microclimates. In the Northern Hemisphere, a south-facing slope receives more solar energy than a north-facing slope, so each side supports different amounts and types of vegetation. Altitude mimics latitude in climate zones. [SEP] each side supports different amounts and types of vegetation .
Climate zones are classified by the Kppen classification system. This system is based on the temperature, the amount of precipitation, and the times of year when precipitation occurs. Since climate determines the type of vegetation that grows in an area, vegetation is used as an indicator of climate type. [SEP] the temperature , the amount of precipitation , and the times of year when precipitation occurs
Climate zones are classified by the Kppen classification system. This system is based on the temperature, the amount of precipitation, and the times of year when precipitation occurs. Since climate determines the type of vegetation that grows in an area, vegetation is used as an indicator of climate type. [SEP] This system
This system is based on the temperature, the amount of precipitation, and the times of year when precipitation occurs. Since climate determines the type of vegetation that grows in an area, vegetation is used as an indicator of climate type.  [SEP] climate determines the type of vegetation that grows in an area
This system is based on the temperature, the amount of precipitation, and the times of year when precipitation occurs. Since climate determines the type of vegetation that grows in an area, vegetation is used as an indicator of climate type.  [SEP] vegetation is used as an indicator of climate type .
The exceptions to this pattern are the climate zones called the continental climates, which are not found at higher latitudes in the Southern Hemisphere. This is because the Southern Hemisphere land masses are not wide enough to produce a continental climate.  [SEP] the Southern Hemisphere land masses are not wide enough to produce a continental climate .
The exceptions to this pattern are the climate zones called the continental climates, which are not found at higher latitudes in the Southern Hemisphere. This is because the Southern Hemisphere land masses are not wide enough to produce a continental climate.  [SEP] The exceptions to this pattern are the climate zones called the continental climates , which are not found at higher latitudes in the Southern Hemisphere
Many of these minerals contain the element sulfur, which mixes with air and water to make sulfuric acid, a highly corrosive chemical. If the sulfuric acid gets into streams, it can kill fish, plants, and animals that live in or near the water. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the sulfuric acid gets into streams
Many of these minerals contain the element sulfur, which mixes with air and water to make sulfuric acid, a highly corrosive chemical. If the sulfuric acid gets into streams, it can kill fish, plants, and animals that live in or near the water. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] it can kill fish , plants , and animals that live in or near the water .
Anthracite coal has been metamorphosed and is nearly all carbon. For this reason, anthracite coal burns more cleanly than bituminous coal.  [SEP] Anthracite coal has been metamorphosed and is nearly all carbon
Anthracite coal has been metamorphosed and is nearly all carbon. For this reason, anthracite coal burns more cleanly than bituminous coal.  [SEP] anthracite coal burns more cleanly than bituminous coal .
After rainfall, there can be enough runoff pollution that beaches must be closed to prevent the spread of disease from pollutants. A surprising number of beaches are closed because of possible health hazards each year. A large proportion of the fish we rely on for food live in the coastal wetlands or lay their eggs there. [SEP] A surprising number of beaches are closed
After rainfall, there can be enough runoff pollution that beaches must be closed to prevent the spread of disease from pollutants. A surprising number of beaches are closed because of possible health hazards each year. A large proportion of the fish we rely on for food live in the coastal wetlands or lay their eggs there. [SEP] . A large proportion of the fish we rely on for food live in the coastal wetlands or lay their eggs there
Early in Earths history, comets may have brought water and other substances to Earth during collisions. Comet tails form the outer layers of ice melt and evaporate as the comet flies close to the Sun. The ice from the comet vaporizes and forms a glowing coma, which reflects light from the Sun. [SEP] the comet flies close to the Sun .
Early in Earths history, comets may have brought water and other substances to Earth during collisions. Comet tails form the outer layers of ice melt and evaporate as the comet flies close to the Sun. The ice from the comet vaporizes and forms a glowing coma, which reflects light from the Sun. [SEP] Comet tails form the outer layers of ice melt and evaporate
Radiation and particles streaming from the Sun push this gas and dust into a long tail that always points away from the Sun (Figure 1.1). Comets appear for only a short time when they are near the Sun, then seem to disappear again as they move back to the outer solar system. Comet Hale-Bopp, also called the Great Comet of 1997, shone brightly for several months in 1997. [SEP] they move back to the outer solar system .
Radiation and particles streaming from the Sun push this gas and dust into a long tail that always points away from the Sun (Figure 1.1). Comets appear for only a short time when they are near the Sun, then seem to disappear again as they move back to the outer solar system. Comet Hale-Bopp, also called the Great Comet of 1997, shone brightly for several months in 1997. [SEP] Comets appear for only a short time when they are near the Sun , then seem to disappear again
What are some of the ways you can conserve water in and around your home? Avoid polluting water so that less is needed. Convert to more efficient irrigation methods on farms and in gardens. [SEP] can conserve water in and around your home ? Avoid polluting water
What are some of the ways you can conserve water in and around your home? Avoid polluting water so that less is needed. Convert to more efficient irrigation methods on farms and in gardens. [SEP] that less is needed .
Convert to more efficient irrigation methods on farms and in gardens. Reduce household demand by installing water-saving devices such as low-flow shower heads and toilets. Reduce personal demand by turning off the tap when water is not being used and taking shorter showers. [SEP] installing water-saving devices such as low-flow shower
Convert to more efficient irrigation methods on farms and in gardens. Reduce household demand by installing water-saving devices such as low-flow shower heads and toilets. Reduce personal demand by turning off the tap when water is not being used and taking shorter showers. [SEP] heads and toilets .
Reduce household demand by installing water-saving devices such as low-flow shower heads and toilets. Reduce personal demand by turning off the tap when water is not being used and taking shorter showers. Engage in water-saving practices: for instance, water lawns less and sweep rather than hose down sidewalks. [SEP] turning off the tap
Reduce household demand by installing water-saving devices such as low-flow shower heads and toilets. Reduce personal demand by turning off the tap when water is not being used and taking shorter showers. Engage in water-saving practices: for instance, water lawns less and sweep rather than hose down sidewalks. [SEP] when water is not being used and taking shorter showers .
Although this is a very important goal, it will not be met. Goals like these are made more difficult as population continues to grow. This colorful adobe house in Tucson, Arizona is surrounded by native cactus, which needs little water to thrive. [SEP] population continues to grow .
Although this is a very important goal, it will not be met. Goals like these are made more difficult as population continues to grow. This colorful adobe house in Tucson, Arizona is surrounded by native cactus, which needs little water to thrive. [SEP] Goals like these are made more difficult
Identical rocks, of the same type and age, are found on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean. Wegener said the rocks had formed side by side and that the land had since moved apart. Mountain ranges with the same rock types, structures, and ages are now on opposite sides of the Atlantic Ocean. [SEP] moved apart .
Identical rocks, of the same type and age, are found on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean. Wegener said the rocks had formed side by side and that the land had since moved apart. Mountain ranges with the same rock types, structures, and ages are now on opposite sides of the Atlantic Ocean. [SEP] Wegener said the rocks had formed side by side and that the land had
(Figure 1.2). Wegener concluded that they formed as a single mountain range that was separated as the continents drifted. Grooves and rock deposits left by ancient glaciers are found today on different continents very close to the Equator. [SEP] a single mountain range that was separated as the continents drifted .
(Figure 1.2). Wegener concluded that they formed as a single mountain range that was separated as the continents drifted. Grooves and rock deposits left by ancient glaciers are found today on different continents very close to the Equator. [SEP] Wegener concluded that they formed
(Figure 1.2). Wegener concluded that they formed as a single mountain range that was separated as the continents drifted. Grooves and rock deposits left by ancient glaciers are found today on different continents very close to the Equator. [SEP] the continents drifted .
(Figure 1.2). Wegener concluded that they formed as a single mountain range that was separated as the continents drifted. Grooves and rock deposits left by ancient glaciers are found today on different continents very close to the Equator. [SEP] a single mountain range that was separated
Grooves and rock deposits left by ancient glaciers are found today on different continents very close to the Equator. This would indicate that the glaciers either formed in the middle of the ocean and/or covered most of the Earth. Today, glaciers only form on land and nearer the poles. [SEP] Grooves and rock deposits left by ancient glaciers are found today on different continents very close to the Equator
Grooves and rock deposits left by ancient glaciers are found today on different continents very close to the Equator. This would indicate that the glaciers either formed in the middle of the ocean and/or covered most of the Earth. Today, glaciers only form on land and nearer the poles. [SEP] the glaciers either formed in the middle of the ocean and/or covered most of the Earth .
Wegener suggested that these creatures were alive in warm climate zones and that the fossils and coal later drifted to new locations on the continents. Wegener thought that mountains formed as continents ran into each other. This got around the problem of the leading hypothesis of the day, which was that Earth had been a molten ball that bulked up in spots as it cooled (the problem with this idea was that the mountains should all be the same age and they were known not to be). [SEP] continents ran into each other .
Wegener suggested that these creatures were alive in warm climate zones and that the fossils and coal later drifted to new locations on the continents. Wegener thought that mountains formed as continents ran into each other. This got around the problem of the leading hypothesis of the day, which was that Earth had been a molten ball that bulked up in spots as it cooled (the problem with this idea was that the mountains should all be the same age and they were known not to be). [SEP] Wegener thought that mountains formed
Wegener thought that mountains formed as continents ran into each other. This got around the problem of the leading hypothesis of the day, which was that Earth had been a molten ball that bulked up in spots as it cooled (the problem with this idea was that the mountains should all be the same age and they were known not to be). Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] it cooled -LRB- the problem with this idea was that the mountains should all be the same age and they were known not to
Wegener thought that mountains formed as continents ran into each other. This got around the problem of the leading hypothesis of the day, which was that Earth had been a molten ball that bulked up in spots as it cooled (the problem with this idea was that the mountains should all be the same age and they were known not to be). Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] This got around the problem of the leading hypothesis of the day , which was that Earth had been a molten ball that bulked up in spots
Imagine that youre Wegeners colleague. What sort of evidence would you look for to see if the continents had actually been joined and had moved apart?  [SEP] the continents had actually been joined and had moved apart ?
Imagine that youre Wegeners colleague. What sort of evidence would you look for to see if the continents had actually been joined and had moved apart?  [SEP] would you look for to see
Coriolis causes freely moving objects to appear to move to the right in the Northern Hemisphere and to the left in the Southern Hemisphere. The objects themselves are actually moving straight, but the Earth is rotating beneath them, so they seem to bend or curve. Thats why it is incorrect to call Coriolis a force. [SEP] The objects themselves are actually moving straight , but the Earth is rotating beneath them
Coriolis causes freely moving objects to appear to move to the right in the Northern Hemisphere and to the left in the Southern Hemisphere. The objects themselves are actually moving straight, but the Earth is rotating beneath them, so they seem to bend or curve. Thats why it is incorrect to call Coriolis a force. [SEP] they seem to bend or curve .
An example might make the Coriolis effect easier to visualize. If an airplane flies 500 miles due north, it will not arrive at the city that was due north of it when it began its journey. Over the time it takes for the airplane to fly 500 miles, that city moved, along with the Earth it sits on. [SEP] an airplane flies 500 miles due north
An example might make the Coriolis effect easier to visualize. If an airplane flies 500 miles due north, it will not arrive at the city that was due north of it when it began its journey. Over the time it takes for the airplane to fly 500 miles, that city moved, along with the Earth it sits on. [SEP] it will not arrive at the city that was due north of it when it began its journey .
Over the time it takes for the airplane to fly 500 miles, that city moved, along with the Earth it sits on. The airplane will therefore arrive at a city to the west of the original city (in the Northern Hemisphere), unless the pilot has compensated for the change. So to reach his intended destination, the pilot must also veer right while flying north. [SEP] the time it takes for the airplane to fly 500 miles , that city moved , along with the Earth it sits on . The airplane will
Over the time it takes for the airplane to fly 500 miles, that city moved, along with the Earth it sits on. The airplane will therefore arrive at a city to the west of the original city (in the Northern Hemisphere), unless the pilot has compensated for the change. So to reach his intended destination, the pilot must also veer right while flying north. [SEP] arrive at a city to the west of the original city -LRB- in the Northern Hemisphere -RRB- , unless the pilot has compensated for the change .
The airplane will therefore arrive at a city to the west of the original city (in the Northern Hemisphere), unless the pilot has compensated for the change. So to reach his intended destination, the pilot must also veer right while flying north. As wind or an ocean current moves, the Earth spins underneath it. [SEP] The airplane will therefore arrive at a city to the west of the original city -LRB- in the Northern Hemisphere -RRB- , unless the pilot has compensated for the change
The airplane will therefore arrive at a city to the west of the original city (in the Northern Hemisphere), unless the pilot has compensated for the change. So to reach his intended destination, the pilot must also veer right while flying north. As wind or an ocean current moves, the Earth spins underneath it. [SEP] to reach his intended destination , the pilot must also veer right while flying north .
So to reach his intended destination, the pilot must also veer right while flying north. As wind or an ocean current moves, the Earth spins underneath it. As a result, an object moving north or south along the Earth will appear to move in a curve instead of in a straight line. [SEP] wind or an ocean current moves , the Earth spins underneath it .
So to reach his intended destination, the pilot must also veer right while flying north. As wind or an ocean current moves, the Earth spins underneath it. As a result, an object moving north or south along the Earth will appear to move in a curve instead of in a straight line. [SEP] So to reach his intended destination , the pilot must also veer right while flying north .
As wind or an ocean current moves, the Earth spins underneath it. As a result, an object moving north or south along the Earth will appear to move in a curve instead of in a straight line. Wind or water that travels toward the poles from the Equator is deflected to the east, while wind or water that travels toward the Equator from the poles gets bent to the west. [SEP] As wind or an ocean current moves , the Earth spins underneath it
As wind or an ocean current moves, the Earth spins underneath it. As a result, an object moving north or south along the Earth will appear to move in a curve instead of in a straight line. Wind or water that travels toward the poles from the Equator is deflected to the east, while wind or water that travels toward the Equator from the poles gets bent to the west. [SEP] an object moving north or south along the Earth will appear to move in a curve instead of in a straight line .
3. A key bed can be used like an index fossil since a key bed is a distinctive layer of rock that can be recognized across a large area. A volcanic ash unit could be a good key bed. [SEP] a key bed is a distinctive layer of rock that can be recognized across a large area .
3. A key bed can be used like an index fossil since a key bed is a distinctive layer of rock that can be recognized across a large area. A volcanic ash unit could be a good key bed. [SEP] A key bed can be used like an index fossil
What traits do you think an index fossil should have? To become an index fossil the organism must have (1) been widespread so that it is useful for identifying rock layers over large areas and (2) existed for a relatively brief period of time so that the approximate age of the rock layer is immediately known. Many fossils may qualify as index fossils (Figure below). [SEP] To become an index fossil the organism must have -LRB- 1 -RRB- been widespread so that it is useful for identifying rock layers over large areas and -LRB- 2 -RRB- existed for a relatively brief period of time
What traits do you think an index fossil should have? To become an index fossil the organism must have (1) been widespread so that it is useful for identifying rock layers over large areas and (2) existed for a relatively brief period of time so that the approximate age of the rock layer is immediately known. Many fossils may qualify as index fossils (Figure below). [SEP] the approximate age of the rock layer is immediately known .
What traits do you think an index fossil should have? To become an index fossil the organism must have (1) been widespread so that it is useful for identifying rock layers over large areas and (2) existed for a relatively brief period of time so that the approximate age of the rock layer is immediately known. Many fossils may qualify as index fossils (Figure below). [SEP] To become an index fossil the organism must have -LRB- 1 -RRB- been widespread
What traits do you think an index fossil should have? To become an index fossil the organism must have (1) been widespread so that it is useful for identifying rock layers over large areas and (2) existed for a relatively brief period of time so that the approximate age of the rock layer is immediately known. Many fossils may qualify as index fossils (Figure below). [SEP] it is useful for identifying rock layers over large areas and -LRB- 2 -RRB- existed for a relatively brief period of time
What traits do you think an index fossil should have? To become an index fossil the organism must have (1) been widespread so that it is useful for identifying rock layers over large areas and (2) existed for a relatively brief period of time so that the approximate age of the rock layer is immediately known. Many fossils may qualify as index fossils (Figure below). [SEP] identifying rock layers over large areas
What traits do you think an index fossil should have? To become an index fossil the organism must have (1) been widespread so that it is useful for identifying rock layers over large areas and (2) existed for a relatively brief period of time so that the approximate age of the rock layer is immediately known. Many fossils may qualify as index fossils (Figure below). [SEP] it is useful
Microfossils, which are fossils of microscopic organisms, are also useful index fossils. Fossils of animals that drifted in the upper layers of the ocean are particularly useful as index fossils, since they may be distributed over very large areas. A biostratigraphic unit, or biozone, is a geological rock layer that is defined by a single index fossil or a fossil assemblage. [SEP] they may be distributed over very large areas .
Microfossils, which are fossils of microscopic organisms, are also useful index fossils. Fossils of animals that drifted in the upper layers of the ocean are particularly useful as index fossils, since they may be distributed over very large areas. A biostratigraphic unit, or biozone, is a geological rock layer that is defined by a single index fossil or a fossil assemblage. [SEP] Fossils of animals that drifted in the upper layers of the ocean are particularly useful as index fossils
 Since unlimited amounts of water cannot sink to the bottom of the ocean, water must rise from the deep ocean to the surface somewhere. This process is called upwelling (Figure 1.2). [SEP] unlimited amounts of water can not sink to the bottom of the ocean
 Since unlimited amounts of water cannot sink to the bottom of the ocean, water must rise from the deep ocean to the surface somewhere. This process is called upwelling (Figure 1.2). [SEP] water must rise from the deep ocean to the surface somewhere .
Upwelling also takes place along the Equator between the North and South Equatorial Currents. Winds blow the surface water north and south of the Equator, so deep water undergoes upwelling. The nutrients rise to the surface and support a great deal of life in the equatorial oceans. [SEP] Winds blow the surface water north and south of the Equator
Upwelling also takes place along the Equator between the North and South Equatorial Currents. Winds blow the surface water north and south of the Equator, so deep water undergoes upwelling. The nutrients rise to the surface and support a great deal of life in the equatorial oceans. [SEP] deep water undergoes upwelling .
Dif- ferences in temperature and in salinity change the density of seawater. So thermohaline circulation is the result of density differences in water masses because of their different temperature and salinity. What is the temperature and salinity of very dense water? [SEP] - ferences in temperature and in salinity change the density of seawater
Dif- ferences in temperature and in salinity change the density of seawater. So thermohaline circulation is the result of density differences in water masses because of their different temperature and salinity. What is the temperature and salinity of very dense water? [SEP] thermohaline circulation is the result of density differences in water masses because of their different temperature and salinity .
Lower temperature and higher salinity yield the densest water. When a volume of water is cooled, the molecules move less vigorously, so same number of molecules takes up less space and the water is denser. If salt is added to a volume of water, there are more molecules in the same volume, so the water is denser. [SEP] When a volume of water is cooled , the molecules move less vigorously
Lower temperature and higher salinity yield the densest water. When a volume of water is cooled, the molecules move less vigorously, so same number of molecules takes up less space and the water is denser. If salt is added to a volume of water, there are more molecules in the same volume, so the water is denser. [SEP] same number of molecules takes up less space and the water is denser .
When a volume of water is cooled, the molecules move less vigorously, so same number of molecules takes up less space and the water is denser. If salt is added to a volume of water, there are more molecules in the same volume, so the water is denser.  [SEP] If salt is added to a volume of water , there are more molecules in the same volume
When a volume of water is cooled, the molecules move less vigorously, so same number of molecules takes up less space and the water is denser. If salt is added to a volume of water, there are more molecules in the same volume, so the water is denser.  [SEP] the water is denser .
When a volume of water is cooled, the molecules move less vigorously, so same number of molecules takes up less space and the water is denser. If salt is added to a volume of water, there are more molecules in the same volume, so the water is denser.  [SEP] salt is added to a volume of water
When a volume of water is cooled, the molecules move less vigorously, so same number of molecules takes up less space and the water is denser. If salt is added to a volume of water, there are more molecules in the same volume, so the water is denser.  [SEP] there are more molecules in the same volume
The dense water pushes deeper water out of its way and that water moves along the bottom of the ocean. This deep water mixes with less dense water as it flows. Surface currents move water into the space vacated at the surface where the dense water sank (Figure 1.1). [SEP] it flows .
The dense water pushes deeper water out of its way and that water moves along the bottom of the ocean. This deep water mixes with less dense water as it flows. Surface currents move water into the space vacated at the surface where the dense water sank (Figure 1.1). [SEP] This deep water mixes with less dense water
 Stenos and Smiths principles are essential for determining the relative ages of rocks and rock layers. In the process of relative dating, scientists do not determine the exact age of a fossil or rock but look at a sequence of rocks to try to decipher the times that an event occurred relative to the other events represented in that sequence. [SEP] determining the relative ages of rocks and rock layers
 Stenos and Smiths principles are essential for determining the relative ages of rocks and rock layers. In the process of relative dating, scientists do not determine the exact age of a fossil or rock but look at a sequence of rocks to try to decipher the times that an event occurred relative to the other events represented in that sequence. [SEP] Stenos and Smiths principles are essential
Do you know how old the layers are in years? In some cases, it is very tricky to determine the sequence of events that leads to a certain formation. Can you figure out what happened in what order in (Figure 1.1)? [SEP] In some cases , it is very tricky to determine the sequence of events
Do you know how old the layers are in years? In some cases, it is very tricky to determine the sequence of events that leads to a certain formation. Can you figure out what happened in what order in (Figure 1.1)? [SEP] a certain formation
The fault cuts through all three sedimentary rock layers (A, B, and C) and also the intrusion (D). So the fault must be the youngest feature. The intrusion (D) cuts through the three sedimentary rock layers, so it must be younger than those layers. [SEP] The fault cuts through all three sedimentary rock layers -LRB- A , B , and C -RRB- and also the intrusion -LRB- D -RRB-
The fault cuts through all three sedimentary rock layers (A, B, and C) and also the intrusion (D). So the fault must be the youngest feature. The intrusion (D) cuts through the three sedimentary rock layers, so it must be younger than those layers. [SEP] the fault must be the youngest feature .
So the fault must be the youngest feature. The intrusion (D) cuts through the three sedimentary rock layers, so it must be younger than those layers. By the law of superposition, C is the oldest sedimentary rock, B is younger and A is still younger. [SEP] The intrusion -LRB- D -RRB- cuts through the three sedimentary rock layers
So the fault must be the youngest feature. The intrusion (D) cuts through the three sedimentary rock layers, so it must be younger than those layers. By the law of superposition, C is the oldest sedimentary rock, B is younger and A is still younger. [SEP] it must be younger than those layers .
 The increase in atmospheric CO2 is due to the increase in the amount of fossil fuels that are being burned. Usually, testing a hypothesis requires making observations or performing experiments. [SEP] the increase in the amount of fossil fuels that are being burned
 The increase in atmospheric CO2 is due to the increase in the amount of fossil fuels that are being burned. Usually, testing a hypothesis requires making observations or performing experiments. [SEP] The increase in atmospheric CO2
Usually, testing a hypothesis requires making observations or performing experiments. In this case, we will look into the scientific literature to see if we can support or refute either or both of these hypotheses. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] we can support or refute either or both of these hypotheses .
Usually, testing a hypothesis requires making observations or performing experiments. In this case, we will look into the scientific literature to see if we can support or refute either or both of these hypotheses. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] In this case , we will look into the scientific literature to see
 Atmospheric CO2 has increased over the past five decades, because the amount of CO2 gas released by volcanoes has increased.  [SEP] the amount of CO2 gas released by volcanoes has increased .
 Atmospheric CO2 has increased over the past five decades, because the amount of CO2 gas released by volcanoes has increased.  [SEP] Atmospheric CO2 has increased over the past five decades
Before we develop some hypotheses, lets find a new question that we want to answer. What we just learned that atmospheric CO2 has been increasing at least since 1958. This leads us to ask this question: Why is atmospheric CO2 increasing? [SEP] 1958 . This leads us to ask this question : Why is atmospheric CO2 increasing
Before we develop some hypotheses, lets find a new question that we want to answer. What we just learned that atmospheric CO2 has been increasing at least since 1958. This leads us to ask this question: Why is atmospheric CO2 increasing? [SEP] What we just learned that atmospheric CO2 has been increasing at least
Most of these methods involve determining how bright the star they are looking at really is. For example, if the star has properties similar to the Sun, then it should be about as bright as the Sun. The astronomer compares the observed brightness to the expected brightness. [SEP] the star has properties similar to the Sun
Most of these methods involve determining how bright the star they are looking at really is. For example, if the star has properties similar to the Sun, then it should be about as bright as the Sun. The astronomer compares the observed brightness to the expected brightness. [SEP] then it should be about as bright as the Sun .
Do you notice any difference? The closer your finger is to your eyes, the greater the position changes because of parallax. As Figure 1.1 shows, astronomers use this same principle to measure the distance to stars. [SEP] The closer your finger is to your eyes , the greater the position changes
Do you notice any difference? The closer your finger is to your eyes, the greater the position changes because of parallax. As Figure 1.1 shows, astronomers use this same principle to measure the distance to stars. [SEP] . As Figure 1.1 shows , astronomers use this same principle to measure the distance to stars
The closer your finger is to your eyes, the greater the position changes because of parallax. As Figure 1.1 shows, astronomers use this same principle to measure the distance to stars. Instead of a finger, they focus on a star, and instead of switching back and forth between eyes, they switch between the biggest possible differences in observing position. [SEP] Figure 1.1 shows , astronomers use this same principle to measure the distance to stars .
The closer your finger is to your eyes, the greater the position changes because of parallax. As Figure 1.1 shows, astronomers use this same principle to measure the distance to stars. Instead of a finger, they focus on a star, and instead of switching back and forth between eyes, they switch between the biggest possible differences in observing position. [SEP] The closer your finger is to your eyes , the greater the position changes because of parallax .
How is the 3% of fresh water divided into different reservoirs? How much of that water is useful for living creatures? How much for people? [SEP] living creatures
How is the 3% of fresh water divided into different reservoirs? How much of that water is useful for living creatures? How much for people? [SEP] How much of that water is useful
From the time it was discovered in 1930 until the early 2000s, Pluto was considered the ninth planet. When astronomers first located Pluto, the telescopes were not as good, so Pluto and its moon, Charon, were seen as one much larger object (Figure 1.1). With better telescopes, astronomers realized that Pluto was much smaller than they had thought. [SEP] When astronomers first located Pluto , the telescopes were not as good
From the time it was discovered in 1930 until the early 2000s, Pluto was considered the ninth planet. When astronomers first located Pluto, the telescopes were not as good, so Pluto and its moon, Charon, were seen as one much larger object (Figure 1.1). With better telescopes, astronomers realized that Pluto was much smaller than they had thought. [SEP] Pluto and its moon , Charon , were seen as one much larger object -LRB- Figure 1.1
Ceres orbits the Sun, is round, and is not a moon. As part of the asteroid belt, its orbit is full of other smaller bodies, so Ceres fails the fourth criterion for being a planet.  [SEP] , its orbit is full of other smaller bodies
Ceres orbits the Sun, is round, and is not a moon. As part of the asteroid belt, its orbit is full of other smaller bodies, so Ceres fails the fourth criterion for being a planet.  [SEP] Ceres fails the fourth criterion for being a planet .
Ceres orbits the Sun, is round, and is not a moon. As part of the asteroid belt, its orbit is full of other smaller bodies, so Ceres fails the fourth criterion for being a planet.  [SEP] being a planet
Ceres orbits the Sun, is round, and is not a moon. As part of the asteroid belt, its orbit is full of other smaller bodies, so Ceres fails the fourth criterion for being a planet.  [SEP] Ceres fails the fourth criterion
(Figure 1.3). The object was not discovered until 2003 because it is about three times farther from the Sun than Pluto, and almost 100 times farther from the Sun than Earth is. For a short time Eris was considered the tenth planet in the solar system, but its discovery helped to prompt astronomers to better define planets and dwarf planets in 2006. [SEP] it is about three times farther from the Sun than Pluto , and almost 100 times farther from the Sun than Earth is .
(Figure 1.3). The object was not discovered until 2003 because it is about three times farther from the Sun than Pluto, and almost 100 times farther from the Sun than Earth is. For a short time Eris was considered the tenth planet in the solar system, but its discovery helped to prompt astronomers to better define planets and dwarf planets in 2006. [SEP] The object was not discovered until 2003
Astronomers know there may be other dwarf planets in the outer reaches of the solar system. Haumea was made a dwarf planet in 2008, so the total number of dwarf planets is now five. Quaoar, Varuna, and Orcus may be added to the list of dwarf planets in the future. [SEP] Haumea was made a dwarf planet in 2008
Astronomers know there may be other dwarf planets in the outer reaches of the solar system. Haumea was made a dwarf planet in 2008, so the total number of dwarf planets is now five. Quaoar, Varuna, and Orcus may be added to the list of dwarf planets in the future. [SEP] the total number of dwarf planets is now five .
 In 2006, the International Astronomical Union decided that there were too many questions surrounding what could be called a planet, and so refined the definition of a planet. According to the new definition, a planet must: Orbit a star. [SEP] In 2006 , the International Astronomical Union decided that there were too many questions surrounding what could be called a planet
 In 2006, the International Astronomical Union decided that there were too many questions surrounding what could be called a planet, and so refined the definition of a planet. According to the new definition, a planet must: Orbit a star. [SEP] refined the definition of a planet .
In 2006, the International Astronomical Union decided that there were too many questions surrounding what could be called a planet, and so refined the definition of a planet. According to the new definition, a planet must: Orbit a star. Be big enough that its own gravity causes it to be shaped as a sphere. [SEP] the new definition
In 2006, the International Astronomical Union decided that there were too many questions surrounding what could be called a planet, and so refined the definition of a planet. According to the new definition, a planet must: Orbit a star. Be big enough that its own gravity causes it to be shaped as a sphere. [SEP] a planet must : Orbit a star .
With the discovery of many new objects in our solar system, astronomers refined the definition of a dwarf planet in 2006. According to the IAU, a dwarf planet must: Orbit a star. Have enough mass to be nearly spherical. [SEP] the IAU
With the discovery of many new objects in our solar system, astronomers refined the definition of a dwarf planet in 2006. According to the IAU, a dwarf planet must: Orbit a star. Have enough mass to be nearly spherical. [SEP] a dwarf planet must : Orbit a star .
 Earths first atmosphere was made of hydrogen and helium, the gases that were common in this region of the solar system as it was forming. Most of these gases were drawn into the center of the solar nebula to form the Sun. [SEP] it was forming .
 Earths first atmosphere was made of hydrogen and helium, the gases that were common in this region of the solar system as it was forming. Most of these gases were drawn into the center of the solar nebula to form the Sun. [SEP] Earths first atmosphere was made of hydrogen and helium , the gases that were common in this region of the solar system
When Earth was new and very small, the solar wind blew off atmospheric gases that collected. If gases did collect, they were vaporized by impacts, especially from the impact that brought about the formation of the Moon. Eventually things started to settle down and gases began to collect. [SEP] gases did collect
When Earth was new and very small, the solar wind blew off atmospheric gases that collected. If gases did collect, they were vaporized by impacts, especially from the impact that brought about the formation of the Moon. Eventually things started to settle down and gases began to collect. [SEP] they were vaporized by impacts , especially from the impact that brought about the formation of the Moon .
Scientists have calculated that the amount of gas that collected to form the early atmosphere could not have come entirely from volcanic eruptions. Frequent impacts by asteroids and comets brought in gases and ices, including water, carbon dioxide, methane, ammonia, nitrogen, and other volatiles from elsewhere in the solar system (Figure Calculations also show that asteroids and comets cannot be responsible for all of the gases of the early atmosphere, so both impacts and outgassing were needed.  [SEP] Frequent impacts by asteroids and comets brought in gases and ices , including water , carbon dioxide , methane , ammonia , nitrogen , and other volatiles from elsewhere in the solar system -LRB- Figure Calculations also show that asteroids and comets can not be responsible for all of the gases of the early atmosphere
Scientists have calculated that the amount of gas that collected to form the early atmosphere could not have come entirely from volcanic eruptions. Frequent impacts by asteroids and comets brought in gases and ices, including water, carbon dioxide, methane, ammonia, nitrogen, and other volatiles from elsewhere in the solar system (Figure Calculations also show that asteroids and comets cannot be responsible for all of the gases of the early atmosphere, so both impacts and outgassing were needed.  [SEP] both impacts and outgassing were needed .
This atmosphere had lots of water vapor, carbon dioxide, nitrogen, and methane but almost no oxygen. Why was there so little oxygen? Plants produce oxygen when they photosynthesize but life had not yet begun or had not yet developed photosynthesis. [SEP] Why was there
This atmosphere had lots of water vapor, carbon dioxide, nitrogen, and methane but almost no oxygen. Why was there so little oxygen? Plants produce oxygen when they photosynthesize but life had not yet begun or had not yet developed photosynthesis. [SEP] little oxygen ? Plants produce oxygen when they photosynthesize but life had not yet begun or had not yet developed photosynthesis
The addition of oxygen is what created Earths third atmosphere. This event, which occurred about 2.5 billion years ago, is sometimes called the oxygen catastrophe because so many organisms died. Although entire species died out and went extinct, this event is also called the Great Oxygenation Event because it was a great opportunity. [SEP] This event , which occurred about 2.5 billion years ago , is sometimes called the oxygen catastrophe because
The addition of oxygen is what created Earths third atmosphere. This event, which occurred about 2.5 billion years ago, is sometimes called the oxygen catastrophe because so many organisms died. Although entire species died out and went extinct, this event is also called the Great Oxygenation Event because it was a great opportunity. [SEP] many organisms died .
This event, which occurred about 2.5 billion years ago, is sometimes called the oxygen catastrophe because so many organisms died. Although entire species died out and went extinct, this event is also called the Great Oxygenation Event because it was a great opportunity. The organisms that survived developed a use for oxygen through cellular respiration, the process by which cells can obtain energy from organic molecules. [SEP] it was a great opportunity .
This event, which occurred about 2.5 billion years ago, is sometimes called the oxygen catastrophe because so many organisms died. Although entire species died out and went extinct, this event is also called the Great Oxygenation Event because it was a great opportunity. The organisms that survived developed a use for oxygen through cellular respiration, the process by which cells can obtain energy from organic molecules. [SEP] Although entire species died out and went extinct , this event is also called the Great Oxygenation Event
 By knowing something about the climate a type of organism lives in now, geologists can use fossils to decipher the climate at the time the fossil was deposited. For example, coal beds form in tropical environments but ancient coal beds are found in Antarctica. [SEP] knowing something about the climate a type of organism lives in now
 By knowing something about the climate a type of organism lives in now, geologists can use fossils to decipher the climate at the time the fossil was deposited. For example, coal beds form in tropical environments but ancient coal beds are found in Antarctica. [SEP] , geologists can use fossils to decipher the climate at the time the fossil was deposited .
 By knowing something about the type of organism the fossil was, geologists can determine whether the region was terrestrial (on land) or marine (underwater) or even if the water was shallow or deep. The rock may give clues to whether the rate of sedimentation was slow or rapid. [SEP] the water was shallow or deep .
 By knowing something about the type of organism the fossil was, geologists can determine whether the region was terrestrial (on land) or marine (underwater) or even if the water was shallow or deep. The rock may give clues to whether the rate of sedimentation was slow or rapid. [SEP] By knowing something about the type of organism the fossil was , geologists can determine whether the region was terrestrial -LRB- on land -RRB- or marine -LRB- underwater -RRB- or even
 By knowing something about the type of organism the fossil was, geologists can determine whether the region was terrestrial (on land) or marine (underwater) or even if the water was shallow or deep. The rock may give clues to whether the rate of sedimentation was slow or rapid. [SEP] knowing something about the type of organism
 By knowing something about the type of organism the fossil was, geologists can determine whether the region was terrestrial (on land) or marine (underwater) or even if the water was shallow or deep. The rock may give clues to whether the rate of sedimentation was slow or rapid. [SEP] the fossil was , geologists can determine whether the region was terrestrial -LRB- on land -RRB- or marine -LRB- underwater -RRB- or even
In general, fossils in older rocks are less similar to modern organisms. We would know very little about the organisms that came before us if there were no fossils. Modern technology has allowed scientists to reconstruct images and learn about the biology of extinct animals like dinosaurs! [SEP] there were no fossils .
In general, fossils in older rocks are less similar to modern organisms. We would know very little about the organisms that came before us if there were no fossils. Modern technology has allowed scientists to reconstruct images and learn about the biology of extinct animals like dinosaurs! [SEP] We would know very little about the organisms that came before us
At the planets center lies a dense metallic core. Scientists know that the core is metal because: 1. The density of Earths surface layers is much less than the overall density of the planet, as calculated from the planets rotation. [SEP] : 1 . The density of Earths surface layers is much less than the overall density of the planet , as calculated from the planets rotation
At the planets center lies a dense metallic core. Scientists know that the core is metal because: 1. The density of Earths surface layers is much less than the overall density of the planet, as calculated from the planets rotation. [SEP] Scientists know that the core is metal
The density of Earths surface layers is much less than the overall density of the planet, as calculated from the planets rotation. If the surface layers are less dense than average, then the interior must be denser than average. Calculations indicate that the core is about 85% iron metal with nickel metal making up much of the remaining 15%. [SEP] the surface layers are less dense than average
The density of Earths surface layers is much less than the overall density of the planet, as calculated from the planets rotation. If the surface layers are less dense than average, then the interior must be denser than average. Calculations indicate that the core is about 85% iron metal with nickel metal making up much of the remaining 15%. [SEP] then the interior must be denser than average .
The 85% iron/15% nickel calculation above is also seen in metallic meteorites (Figure 1.1). If Earths core were not metal, the planet would not have a magnetic field. Metals such as iron are magnetic, but rock, which makes up the mantle and crust, is not. [SEP] Earths core were not metal
The 85% iron/15% nickel calculation above is also seen in metallic meteorites (Figure 1.1). If Earths core were not metal, the planet would not have a magnetic field. Metals such as iron are magnetic, but rock, which makes up the mantle and crust, is not. [SEP] the planet would not have a magnetic field .
Metals such as iron are magnetic, but rock, which makes up the mantle and crust, is not. Scientists know that the outer core is liquid and the inner core is solid because: 1. S-waves do not go through the outer core. [SEP] : 1 . S-waves do not go through the outer core
Metals such as iron are magnetic, but rock, which makes up the mantle and crust, is not. Scientists know that the outer core is liquid and the inner core is solid because: 1. S-waves do not go through the outer core. [SEP] Scientists know that the outer core is liquid and the inner core is solid
The fossil record consists almost entirely of the shells, bones, or other hard parts of animals. Mammal teeth are much more resistant than other bones, so a large portion of the mammal fossil record consists of teeth. The shells of marine creatures are common also. [SEP] Mammal teeth are much more resistant than other bones
The fossil record consists almost entirely of the shells, bones, or other hard parts of animals. Mammal teeth are much more resistant than other bones, so a large portion of the mammal fossil record consists of teeth. The shells of marine creatures are common also. [SEP] a large portion of the mammal fossil record consists of teeth .
Only bones are left behind. As the years go by, the bones are scattered and fragmented into small pieces, eventually turning into dust. The remaining nutrients return to the soil. [SEP] the years go by , the bones are scattered and fragmented into small pieces , eventually turning into dust .
Only bones are left behind. As the years go by, the bones are scattered and fragmented into small pieces, eventually turning into dust. The remaining nutrients return to the soil. [SEP] Only bones are left behind .
(This explanation could not account for the fact that fossils were not only found on mountains, but also within mountains, in rocks that had been quarried from deep below Earths surface.) The fossils formed within the rocks as a result of mysterious forces. But for Steno, the close resemblance between fossils and modern organisms was impossible to ignore. [SEP] mysterious forces
(This explanation could not account for the fact that fossils were not only found on mountains, but also within mountains, in rocks that had been quarried from deep below Earths surface.) The fossils formed within the rocks as a result of mysterious forces. But for Steno, the close resemblance between fossils and modern organisms was impossible to ignore. [SEP] The fossils formed within the rocks
 Unusual circumstances may lead to the preservation of a variety of fossils, as at the La Brea Tar Pits in Los Angeles, California. Although the animals trapped in the La Brea Tar Pits probably suffered a slow, miserable death, their bones were preserved perfectly by the sticky tar. [SEP] Unusual circumstances
 Unusual circumstances may lead to the preservation of a variety of fossils, as at the La Brea Tar Pits in Los Angeles, California. Although the animals trapped in the La Brea Tar Pits probably suffered a slow, miserable death, their bones were preserved perfectly by the sticky tar. [SEP] the preservation of a variety of fossils
 Quick burial is essential because most decay and fragmentation occurs at the surface. Marine animals that die near a river delta may be rapidly buried by river sediments. [SEP] most decay and fragmentation occurs at the surface .
 Quick burial is essential because most decay and fragmentation occurs at the surface. Marine animals that die near a river delta may be rapidly buried by river sediments. [SEP] Quick burial is essential
A storm at sea may shift sediment on the ocean floor, covering a body and helping to preserve its skeletal remains (Figure ??). Quick burial is rare on land, so fossils of land animals and plants are less common than marine fossils. Land organisms can be buried by mudslides, volcanic ash, or covered by sand in a sandstorm (Figure ??). [SEP] Quick burial is rare on land
A storm at sea may shift sediment on the ocean floor, covering a body and helping to preserve its skeletal remains (Figure ??). Quick burial is rare on land, so fossils of land animals and plants are less common than marine fossils. Land organisms can be buried by mudslides, volcanic ash, or covered by sand in a sandstorm (Figure ??). [SEP] fossils of land animals and plants are less common than marine fossils .
 Earth is surrounded by a magnetic field (Figure 1.1) that behaves as if the planet had a gigantic bar magnet inside of it. Earths magnetic field also has a north and south pole. [SEP] the planet had a gigantic bar magnet inside of it .
 Earth is surrounded by a magnetic field (Figure 1.1) that behaves as if the planet had a gigantic bar magnet inside of it. Earths magnetic field also has a north and south pole. [SEP] Earth is surrounded by a magnetic field -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- that behaves as
Try to design an experiment involving a ship and the ocean to show Earth is round. If you are standing on the shore and a ship is going out to sea, the ship gets smaller as it moves further away from you. The ships bottom also starts to disappear as the vessel goes around the arc of the planet (Figure 1.1). [SEP] it moves further away from you .
Try to design an experiment involving a ship and the ocean to show Earth is round. If you are standing on the shore and a ship is going out to sea, the ship gets smaller as it moves further away from you. The ships bottom also starts to disappear as the vessel goes around the arc of the planet (Figure 1.1). [SEP] If you are standing on the shore and a ship is going out to sea , the ship gets smaller
Try to design an experiment involving a ship and the ocean to show Earth is round. If you are standing on the shore and a ship is going out to sea, the ship gets smaller as it moves further away from you. The ships bottom also starts to disappear as the vessel goes around the arc of the planet (Figure 1.1). [SEP] you are standing on the shore and a ship is going out to sea
Try to design an experiment involving a ship and the ocean to show Earth is round. If you are standing on the shore and a ship is going out to sea, the ship gets smaller as it moves further away from you. The ships bottom also starts to disappear as the vessel goes around the arc of the planet (Figure 1.1). [SEP] the ship gets smaller
If you are standing on the shore and a ship is going out to sea, the ship gets smaller as it moves further away from you. The ships bottom also starts to disappear as the vessel goes around the arc of the planet (Figure 1.1). There are many other ways that early scientists and mariners knew that Earth was not flat. [SEP] the vessel goes around the arc of the planet -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
If you are standing on the shore and a ship is going out to sea, the ship gets smaller as it moves further away from you. The ships bottom also starts to disappear as the vessel goes around the arc of the planet (Figure 1.1). There are many other ways that early scientists and mariners knew that Earth was not flat. [SEP] The ships bottom also starts to disappear
Earths shadow is large enough that a lunar eclipse lasts for hours and can be seen by any part of Earth with a view of the Moon at the time of the eclipse (Figure 1.5). A lunar eclipse does not occur every month because Moons orbit is inclined 5-degrees to Earths orbit, so the two bodies are not in the same plane every month.  [SEP] A lunar eclipse does not occur every month because Moons orbit is inclined 5-degrees to Earths orbit
Earths shadow is large enough that a lunar eclipse lasts for hours and can be seen by any part of Earth with a view of the Moon at the time of the eclipse (Figure 1.5). A lunar eclipse does not occur every month because Moons orbit is inclined 5-degrees to Earths orbit, so the two bodies are not in the same plane every month.  [SEP] the two bodies are not in the same plane every month .
Earths shadow is large enough that a lunar eclipse lasts for hours and can be seen by any part of Earth with a view of the Moon at the time of the eclipse (Figure 1.5). A lunar eclipse does not occur every month because Moons orbit is inclined 5-degrees to Earths orbit, so the two bodies are not in the same plane every month.  [SEP] Moons orbit is inclined 5-degrees to Earths orbit
Earths shadow is large enough that a lunar eclipse lasts for hours and can be seen by any part of Earth with a view of the Moon at the time of the eclipse (Figure 1.5). A lunar eclipse does not occur every month because Moons orbit is inclined 5-degrees to Earths orbit, so the two bodies are not in the same plane every month.  [SEP] A lunar eclipse does not occur every month
When only a portion of the Sun is out of view, it is called a partial solar eclipse. Solar eclipses are rare and usually only last a few minutes because the Moon casts only a small shadow (Figure 1.3). As the Sun is covered by the Moons shadow, it will actually get cooler outside. [SEP] the Moon casts only a small shadow -LRB- Figure 1.3 -RRB- .
When only a portion of the Sun is out of view, it is called a partial solar eclipse. Solar eclipses are rare and usually only last a few minutes because the Moon casts only a small shadow (Figure 1.3). As the Sun is covered by the Moons shadow, it will actually get cooler outside. [SEP] Solar eclipses are rare and usually only last a few minutes
Solar eclipses are rare and usually only last a few minutes because the Moon casts only a small shadow (Figure 1.3). As the Sun is covered by the Moons shadow, it will actually get cooler outside. Birds may begin to sing, and stars will become visible in the sky. [SEP] the Sun is covered by the Moons shadow , it will actually get cooler outside .
Solar eclipses are rare and usually only last a few minutes because the Moon casts only a small shadow (Figure 1.3). As the Sun is covered by the Moons shadow, it will actually get cooler outside. Birds may begin to sing, and stars will become visible in the sky. [SEP] Solar eclipses are rare and usually only last a few minutes because the Moon casts only a small shadow -LRB- Figure 1.3 -RRB- .
Many factors influence the climate of a region. The most important factor is latitude because different latitudes receive different amounts of solar radiation. The Equator receives the most solar radiation. [SEP] different latitudes receive different amounts of solar radiation .
Many factors influence the climate of a region. The most important factor is latitude because different latitudes receive different amounts of solar radiation. The Equator receives the most solar radiation. [SEP] The most important factor is latitude
Sunlight filters through a thick wedge of atmosphere, making the sunlight much less intense. The high albedo, because of ice and snow, reflects a good portion of the Suns light.  [SEP] filters through a thick wedge of atmosphere , making the sunlight much less intense . The high albedo
Sunlight filters through a thick wedge of atmosphere, making the sunlight much less intense. The high albedo, because of ice and snow, reflects a good portion of the Suns light.  [SEP] , reflects a good portion of the Suns light .
There are many exceptions. For example, notice that the western portion of South America The maximum annual temperature of the Earth, showing a roughly gradual temperature gradient from the low to the high latitudes. has relatively low temperatures due to the Andes Mountains. The Rocky Mountains in the United States also have lower temperatures due to high altitudes. [SEP] the Andes Mountains
There are many exceptions. For example, notice that the western portion of South America The maximum annual temperature of the Earth, showing a roughly gradual temperature gradient from the low to the high latitudes. has relatively low temperatures due to the Andes Mountains. The Rocky Mountains in the United States also have lower temperatures due to high altitudes. [SEP] For example , notice that the western portion of South America The maximum annual temperature of the Earth , showing a roughly gradual temperature gradient from the low to the high latitudes . has relatively low temperatures
For example, notice that the western portion of South America The maximum annual temperature of the Earth, showing a roughly gradual temperature gradient from the low to the high latitudes. has relatively low temperatures due to the Andes Mountains. The Rocky Mountains in the United States also have lower temperatures due to high altitudes. Western Europe is warmer than it should be due to the Gulf Stream. [SEP] high altitudes
For example, notice that the western portion of South America The maximum annual temperature of the Earth, showing a roughly gradual temperature gradient from the low to the high latitudes. has relatively low temperatures due to the Andes Mountains. The Rocky Mountains in the United States also have lower temperatures due to high altitudes. Western Europe is warmer than it should be due to the Gulf Stream. [SEP] The Rocky Mountains in the United States also have lower temperatures
The Rocky Mountains in the United States also have lower temperatures due to high altitudes. Western Europe is warmer than it should be due to the Gulf Stream. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the Gulf Stream
The Rocky Mountains in the United States also have lower temperatures due to high altitudes. Western Europe is warmer than it should be due to the Gulf Stream. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] Western Europe is warmer than it should be
Invisible energy waves can travel through air, glass, and even the vacuum of outer space. These waves have electrical and magnetic properties, so they are called electromagnetic waves. The transfer of energy from one object to another through electromagnetic waves is known as radiation. [SEP] These waves have electrical and magnetic properties
Invisible energy waves can travel through air, glass, and even the vacuum of outer space. These waves have electrical and magnetic properties, so they are called electromagnetic waves. The transfer of energy from one object to another through electromagnetic waves is known as radiation. [SEP] they are called electromagnetic waves .
When viewed together, all of the wavelengths of visible light appear white. But a prism or water droplets can break the white light into different wavelengths so that separate colors appear (Figure 1.2). What objects can you think of that radiate visible light? [SEP] But a prism or water droplets can break the white light into different wavelengths
When viewed together, all of the wavelengths of visible light appear white. But a prism or water droplets can break the white light into different wavelengths so that separate colors appear (Figure 1.2). What objects can you think of that radiate visible light? [SEP] separate colors appear
Heat transfers between materials easily, from warmer objects to cooler ones. If no more heat is added, eventually all of a material will reach the same temperature.  [SEP] no more heat is added
Heat transfers between materials easily, from warmer objects to cooler ones. If no more heat is added, eventually all of a material will reach the same temperature.  [SEP] eventually all of a material will reach the same temperature .
 Many people waste energy at home, so a lot of energy can be saved there as well. What can you do to conserve energy? [SEP] Many people waste energy at home
 Many people waste energy at home, so a lot of energy can be saved there as well. What can you do to conserve energy? [SEP] a lot of energy can be saved there as well .
 Everyone can reduce their use of energy resources and the pollution the resources cause by conserving energy. Conservation means saving resources by using them more efficiently, using less of them, or not using them at all. [SEP] conserving energy
 Everyone can reduce their use of energy resources and the pollution the resources cause by conserving energy. Conservation means saving resources by using them more efficiently, using less of them, or not using them at all. [SEP] Everyone can reduce their use of energy resources and the pollution the resources cause
Everyone can reduce their use of energy resources and the pollution the resources cause by conserving energy. Conservation means saving resources by using them more efficiently, using less of them, or not using them at all. You can read below about some of the ways you can conserve energy on the road and in the home. [SEP] using them more efficiently
Everyone can reduce their use of energy resources and the pollution the resources cause by conserving energy. Conservation means saving resources by using them more efficiently, using less of them, or not using them at all. You can read below about some of the ways you can conserve energy on the road and in the home. [SEP] , using less of them , or not using them at all .
The advantage to biofuels is that they burn more cleanly than fossil fuels. As a result, they create less pollution and less carbon dioxide. Organic material, like almond shells, can be made into electricity. [SEP] The advantage to biofuels is that they burn more cleanly than fossil fuels
The advantage to biofuels is that they burn more cleanly than fossil fuels. As a result, they create less pollution and less carbon dioxide. Organic material, like almond shells, can be made into electricity. [SEP] they create less pollution and less carbon dioxide .
Algae can be fed agricultural and other waste so valuable resources are not used. Much research is being done to bring these alternative fuels to market. [SEP] Algae can be fed agricultural and other waste
Algae can be fed agricultural and other waste so valuable resources are not used. Much research is being done to bring these alternative fuels to market. [SEP] valuable resources are not used .
The U.S. uses more oil than several other top-ten countries combined. If you also consider the population size in these countries, the differences are even more stunning. The average person in the U.S. uses a whopping 23 barrels of oil a year! [SEP] you also consider the population size in these countries
The U.S. uses more oil than several other top-ten countries combined. If you also consider the population size in these countries, the differences are even more stunning. The average person in the U.S. uses a whopping 23 barrels of oil a year! [SEP] the differences are even more stunning .
Acids flow from some mine sites, changing the composition of nearby waterways (Figure 1.1). U.S. law has changed in recent decades so that a mine region must be restored to its natural state, a process called reclamation. This is not true of older mines. [SEP] U.S. law has changed in recent decades
Acids flow from some mine sites, changing the composition of nearby waterways (Figure 1.1). U.S. law has changed in recent decades so that a mine region must be restored to its natural state, a process called reclamation. This is not true of older mines. [SEP] a mine region must be restored to its natural state , a process called reclamation .
This periodic motion can be attributed to the gravitational pull of a planet or, sometimes, another star orbiting the star. A planet may also be identified by measuring a stars brightness over time. A temporary, periodic decrease in light emitted from a star can occur when a planet crosses in front of, or "transits," the star it is orbiting, momentarily blocking out some of the starlight. [SEP] measuring a stars brightness over time
This periodic motion can be attributed to the gravitational pull of a planet or, sometimes, another star orbiting the star. A planet may also be identified by measuring a stars brightness over time. A temporary, periodic decrease in light emitted from a star can occur when a planet crosses in front of, or "transits," the star it is orbiting, momentarily blocking out some of the starlight. [SEP] A planet may also be identified
One way to picture this is to imagine a balloon covered with tiny dots to represent the galaxies. When you inflate the balloon, the dots slowly move away from each other because the rubber stretches in the space between them. If you were standing on one of the dots, you would see the other dots moving away from you. [SEP] the rubber stretches in the space between them .
One way to picture this is to imagine a balloon covered with tiny dots to represent the galaxies. When you inflate the balloon, the dots slowly move away from each other because the rubber stretches in the space between them. If you were standing on one of the dots, you would see the other dots moving away from you. [SEP] When you inflate the balloon , the dots slowly move away from each other
When you inflate the balloon, the dots slowly move away from each other because the rubber stretches in the space between them. If you were standing on one of the dots, you would see the other dots moving away from you. Also, the dots farther away from you on the balloon would move away faster than dots nearby. [SEP] you were standing on one of the dots
When you inflate the balloon, the dots slowly move away from each other because the rubber stretches in the space between them. If you were standing on one of the dots, you would see the other dots moving away from you. Also, the dots farther away from you on the balloon would move away faster than dots nearby. [SEP] you would see the other dots moving away from you .
In this diagram of the expansion of the universe over time, the distance between galaxies gets bigger over time, although the size of each galaxy stays the same. An inflating balloon is only a rough analogy to the expanding universe for several reasons. One important reason is that the surface of a balloon has only two dimensions, while space has three dimensions. [SEP] several
In this diagram of the expansion of the universe over time, the distance between galaxies gets bigger over time, although the size of each galaxy stays the same. An inflating balloon is only a rough analogy to the expanding universe for several reasons. One important reason is that the surface of a balloon has only two dimensions, while space has three dimensions. [SEP] An inflating balloon is only a rough analogy to the expanding universe
An inflating balloon is only a rough analogy to the expanding universe for several reasons. One important reason is that the surface of a balloon has only two dimensions, while space has three dimensions. But space itself is stretching out between galaxies, just as the rubber stretches when a balloon is inflated. [SEP] the surface of a balloon has only two dimensions , while space has three dimensions .
An inflating balloon is only a rough analogy to the expanding universe for several reasons. One important reason is that the surface of a balloon has only two dimensions, while space has three dimensions. But space itself is stretching out between galaxies, just as the rubber stretches when a balloon is inflated. [SEP] An inflating balloon is only a rough analogy to the expanding universe for several reasons
One important reason is that the surface of a balloon has only two dimensions, while space has three dimensions. But space itself is stretching out between galaxies, just as the rubber stretches when a balloon is inflated. This stretching of space, which increases the distance between galaxies, is what causes the expansion of the universe. [SEP] the rubber stretches when a balloon is inflated .
One important reason is that the surface of a balloon has only two dimensions, while space has three dimensions. But space itself is stretching out between galaxies, just as the rubber stretches when a balloon is inflated. This stretching of space, which increases the distance between galaxies, is what causes the expansion of the universe. [SEP] But space itself is stretching out between galaxies , just
One other difference between the universe and a balloon involves the actual size of the galaxies. On a balloon, the dots will become larger in size as you inflate it. In the universe, the galaxies stay the same size; only the space between the galaxies increases. [SEP] you inflate it .
One other difference between the universe and a balloon involves the actual size of the galaxies. On a balloon, the dots will become larger in size as you inflate it. In the universe, the galaxies stay the same size; only the space between the galaxies increases. [SEP] On a balloon , the dots will become larger in size
 If you look at a star through a prism, you will see a spectrum, or a range of colors through the rainbow. The spectrum will have specific dark bands where elements in the star absorb light of certain energies. [SEP] you look at a star through a prism
 If you look at a star through a prism, you will see a spectrum, or a range of colors through the rainbow. The spectrum will have specific dark bands where elements in the star absorb light of certain energies. [SEP] you will see a spectrum , or a range of colors through the rainbow .
The spectrum will have specific dark bands where elements in the star absorb light of certain energies. By examining the arrangement of these dark absorption lines, astronomers can determine the composition of elements that make up a distant star. In fact, the element helium was first discovered in our Sun  not on Earth  by analyzing the absorption lines in the spectrum of the Sun. [SEP] examining the arrangement of these dark absorption lines
The spectrum will have specific dark bands where elements in the star absorb light of certain energies. By examining the arrangement of these dark absorption lines, astronomers can determine the composition of elements that make up a distant star. In fact, the element helium was first discovered in our Sun  not on Earth  by analyzing the absorption lines in the spectrum of the Sun. [SEP] , astronomers can determine the composition of elements that make up a distant star .
By examining the arrangement of these dark absorption lines, astronomers can determine the composition of elements that make up a distant star. In fact, the element helium was first discovered in our Sun  not on Earth  by analyzing the absorption lines in the spectrum of the Sun. While studying the spectrum of light from distant galaxies, astronomers noticed something strange. [SEP] analyzing the absorption lines in the spectrum of the Sun
By examining the arrangement of these dark absorption lines, astronomers can determine the composition of elements that make up a distant star. In fact, the element helium was first discovered in our Sun  not on Earth  by analyzing the absorption lines in the spectrum of the Sun. While studying the spectrum of light from distant galaxies, astronomers noticed something strange. [SEP] In fact , the element helium was first discovered in our Sun not on Earth
When astronomers see redshift in the light from a galaxy, they know that the galaxy is moving away from Earth. If galaxies were moving randomly, would some be redshifted but others be blueshifted? Of course. [SEP] galaxies were moving randomly
When astronomers see redshift in the light from a galaxy, they know that the galaxy is moving away from Earth. If galaxies were moving randomly, would some be redshifted but others be blueshifted? Of course. [SEP] would some be redshifted but others be blueshifted ?
Of course. Since almost every galaxy in the universe has a redshift, almost every galaxy is moving away from Earth. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] almost every galaxy in the universe has a redshift
Of course. Since almost every galaxy in the universe has a redshift, almost every galaxy is moving away from Earth. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] almost every galaxy is moving away from Earth .
Normal faults can be huge. They are responsible for uplifting mountain ranges in regions experiencing tensional stress.  [SEP] uplifting mountain ranges in regions experiencing tensional stress
Normal faults can be huge. They are responsible for uplifting mountain ranges in regions experiencing tensional stress.  [SEP] They are responsible
 If there is no movement on either side of a fracture, the fracture is called a joint. The rocks below show horizontal and vertical jointing. [SEP] there is no movement on either side of a fracture
 If there is no movement on either side of a fracture, the fracture is called a joint. The rocks below show horizontal and vertical jointing. [SEP] the fracture is called a joint .
Try to line up the same type of rock on either side of the lines that cut across them. One side moved relative to the other side, so you know the lines are a fault. Slip is the distance rocks move along a fault. [SEP] One side moved relative to the other side
Try to line up the same type of rock on either side of the lines that cut across them. One side moved relative to the other side, so you know the lines are a fault. Slip is the distance rocks move along a fault. [SEP] you know the lines are a fault .
Slip can be up or down the fault plane. Slip is relative, because there is usually no way to know whether both sides moved or only one. Faults lie at an angle to the horizontal surface of the Earth. [SEP] there is usually no way to know whether both sides moved or only one .
Slip can be up or down the fault plane. Slip is relative, because there is usually no way to know whether both sides moved or only one. Faults lie at an angle to the horizontal surface of the Earth. [SEP] Slip is relative
The dip defines which of two basic types a fault is. If the faults dip is inclined relative to the horizontal, the fault is a dip-slip fault (Figure 1.3).  [SEP] the faults dip is inclined relative to the horizontal
The dip defines which of two basic types a fault is. If the faults dip is inclined relative to the horizontal, the fault is a dip-slip fault (Figure 1.3).  [SEP] the fault is a dip-slip fault -LRB- Figure 1.3 -RRB- .
Waters may build up gradually over a period of weeks, when a long period of rainfall or snowmelt fills the ground with water and raises stream levels. Extremely heavy rains across the Midwestern U.S. in April 2011 led to flooding of the rivers in the Mississippi River basin in May 2011 (Figures 1.1 and 1.2). [SEP] heavy rains across the Midwestern U.S. in April 2011
Waters may build up gradually over a period of weeks, when a long period of rainfall or snowmelt fills the ground with water and raises stream levels. Extremely heavy rains across the Midwestern U.S. in April 2011 led to flooding of the rivers in the Mississippi River basin in May 2011 (Figures 1.1 and 1.2). [SEP] flooding of the rivers in the Mississippi River basin in May 2011
Not all the consequences of flooding are negative. Rivers deposit new nutrient-rich sediments when they flood, so floodplains have traditionally been good for farming. Flooding as a source of nutrients was important to Egyptians along the Nile River until the Aswan Dam was built in the 1960s. [SEP] Rivers deposit new nutrient-rich sediments when they flood
Not all the consequences of flooding are negative. Rivers deposit new nutrient-rich sediments when they flood, so floodplains have traditionally been good for farming. Flooding as a source of nutrients was important to Egyptians along the Nile River until the Aswan Dam was built in the 1960s. [SEP] floodplains have traditionally been good for farming .
Although the dam protects crops and settlements from the annual floods, farmers must now use fertilizers to feed their cops. Floods are also responsible for moving large amounts of sediments about within streams. These sediments provide habitats for animals, and the periodic movement of sediment is crucial to the lives of several types of organisms. [SEP] moving large amounts of sediments about within streams
Although the dam protects crops and settlements from the annual floods, farmers must now use fertilizers to feed their cops. Floods are also responsible for moving large amounts of sediments about within streams. These sediments provide habitats for animals, and the periodic movement of sediment is crucial to the lives of several types of organisms. [SEP] Floods are also responsible
Heavily vegetated lands are less likely to experience flooding. Plants slow down water as it runs over the land, giving it time to enter the ground. Even if the ground is too wet to absorb more water, plants still slow the waters passage and increase the time between rainfall and the waters arrival in a stream; this could keep all the water falling over a region from hitting the stream at once. [SEP] it runs over the land , giving it time to enter the ground .
Heavily vegetated lands are less likely to experience flooding. Plants slow down water as it runs over the land, giving it time to enter the ground. Even if the ground is too wet to absorb more water, plants still slow the waters passage and increase the time between rainfall and the waters arrival in a stream; this could keep all the water falling over a region from hitting the stream at once. [SEP] Heavily vegetated lands are less likely to experience flooding . Plants slow down water
 A monocline is a simple bend in the rock layers so that they are no longer horizontal (see Figure 1.1 for an example). At Utahs Cockscomb, the rocks plunge downward in a monocline. [SEP] A monocline is a simple bend in the rock layers
 A monocline is a simple bend in the rock layers so that they are no longer horizontal (see Figure 1.1 for an example). At Utahs Cockscomb, the rocks plunge downward in a monocline. [SEP] they are no longer horizontal -LRB- see Figure 1.1 for an example
What you see in the image appears to be a monocline. Are you certain it is a monocline? What else might it be? [SEP] Are you certain
What you see in the image appears to be a monocline. Are you certain it is a monocline? What else might it be? [SEP] it is a monocline ?
They do not return to their original shape. If the rocks experience more stress, they may undergo more folding or even fracture. You can see three types of folds. [SEP] the rocks experience more stress
They do not return to their original shape. If the rocks experience more stress, they may undergo more folding or even fracture. You can see three types of folds. [SEP] they may undergo more folding or even fracture .
When Earth first came together it was really hot, hot enough to melt the metal elements that it contained. Earth was so hot for three reasons: Gravitational contraction: As small bodies of rock and metal accreted, the planet grew larger and more massive. Gravity within such an enormous body squeezes the material in its interior so hard that the pressure swells. [SEP] Earth was
When Earth first came together it was really hot, hot enough to melt the metal elements that it contained. Earth was so hot for three reasons: Gravitational contraction: As small bodies of rock and metal accreted, the planet grew larger and more massive. Gravity within such an enormous body squeezes the material in its interior so hard that the pressure swells. [SEP] hot for three reasons : Gravitational contraction : As small bodies of rock and metal accreted , the planet grew larger and more
Earth was so hot for three reasons: Gravitational contraction: As small bodies of rock and metal accreted, the planet grew larger and more massive. Gravity within such an enormous body squeezes the material in its interior so hard that the pressure swells. As Earths internal pressure grew, its temperature also rose. [SEP] Gravity within such an enormous body squeezes the material in its interior so hard
Earth was so hot for three reasons: Gravitational contraction: As small bodies of rock and metal accreted, the planet grew larger and more massive. Gravity within such an enormous body squeezes the material in its interior so hard that the pressure swells. As Earths internal pressure grew, its temperature also rose. [SEP] the pressure swells .
Gravity within such an enormous body squeezes the material in its interior so hard that the pressure swells. As Earths internal pressure grew, its temperature also rose. Radioactive decay: [SEP] Earths internal pressure grew , its temperature also rose .
Gravity within such an enormous body squeezes the material in its interior so hard that the pressure swells. As Earths internal pressure grew, its temperature also rose. Radioactive decay: [SEP] Gravity within such an enormous body squeezes the material in its interior so hard that the pressure swells .
Ancient impact craters found on the Moon and inner planets indicate that asteroid impacts were common in the early solar system. Earth was struck so much in its first 500 million years that the heat was intense. Very few large objects have struck the planet in the past many hundreds of millions of year. [SEP] Earth was struck so much
Ancient impact craters found on the Moon and inner planets indicate that asteroid impacts were common in the early solar system. Earth was struck so much in its first 500 million years that the heat was intense. Very few large objects have struck the planet in the past many hundreds of millions of year. [SEP] the heat was intense .
The first crust was probably basaltic, like the oceanic crust is today. Intense heat from the early core drove rapid and vigorous mantle convection so that crust quickly recycled into the mantle. The recycling of basaltic crust was so effective that no remnants of it are found today. [SEP] Intense heat from the early core drove rapid and vigorous mantle convection
The first crust was probably basaltic, like the oceanic crust is today. Intense heat from the early core drove rapid and vigorous mantle convection so that crust quickly recycled into the mantle. The recycling of basaltic crust was so effective that no remnants of it are found today. [SEP] crust quickly recycled into the mantle .
Intense heat from the early core drove rapid and vigorous mantle convection so that crust quickly recycled into the mantle. The recycling of basaltic crust was so effective that no remnants of it are found today.  [SEP] The recycling of basaltic crust was so effective
Intense heat from the early core drove rapid and vigorous mantle convection so that crust quickly recycled into the mantle. The recycling of basaltic crust was so effective that no remnants of it are found today.  [SEP] no remnants of it are found today .
It eventually accreted into a single body, the Moon. Since both planetary bodies were molten, material could differentiate out of the magma ocean into core, mantle, and crust as they cooled. Earths fast spin is from energy imparted to it by the impact. [SEP] both planetary bodies were molten
It eventually accreted into a single body, the Moon. Since both planetary bodies were molten, material could differentiate out of the magma ocean into core, mantle, and crust as they cooled. Earths fast spin is from energy imparted to it by the impact. [SEP] material could differentiate out of the magma ocean into core , mantle , and crust as they cooled .
It eventually accreted into a single body, the Moon. Since both planetary bodies were molten, material could differentiate out of the magma ocean into core, mantle, and crust as they cooled. Earths fast spin is from energy imparted to it by the impact. [SEP] they cooled .
It eventually accreted into a single body, the Moon. Since both planetary bodies were molten, material could differentiate out of the magma ocean into core, mantle, and crust as they cooled. Earths fast spin is from energy imparted to it by the impact. [SEP] material could differentiate out of the magma ocean into core , mantle , and crust
Unlike the only other natural satellites orbiting an inner planet, those of Mars, the Moon is not a captured asteroid. Understanding the Moons birth and early history reveals a great deal about Earths early days.  [SEP] Understanding the Moons birth
Unlike the only other natural satellites orbiting an inner planet, those of Mars, the Moon is not a captured asteroid. Understanding the Moons birth and early history reveals a great deal about Earths early days.  [SEP] and early history reveals a great deal about Earths early days .
The most widely accepted explanation of how the solar system formed is called the nebular hypothesis. According to this hypothesis, the Sun and the planets of our solar system formed about 4.6 billion years ago from the collapse of a giant cloud of gas and dust, called a nebula. The nebula was drawn together by gravity, which released gravitational potential energy. [SEP] this hypothesis
The most widely accepted explanation of how the solar system formed is called the nebular hypothesis. According to this hypothesis, the Sun and the planets of our solar system formed about 4.6 billion years ago from the collapse of a giant cloud of gas and dust, called a nebula. The nebula was drawn together by gravity, which released gravitational potential energy. [SEP] the Sun and the planets of our solar system formed about 4.6 billion years ago from the collapse of a giant cloud of gas and dust , called a nebula .
The nebula was drawn together by gravity, which released gravitational potential energy. As small particles of dust and gas smashed together to create larger ones, they released kinetic energy. As the nebula collapsed, the gravity at the center increased and the cloud started to spin because of its angular momentum. [SEP] small particles of dust and gas smashed together to create larger ones , they released kinetic energy .
The nebula was drawn together by gravity, which released gravitational potential energy. As small particles of dust and gas smashed together to create larger ones, they released kinetic energy. As the nebula collapsed, the gravity at the center increased and the cloud started to spin because of its angular momentum. [SEP] The nebula was drawn together by gravity , which released gravitational potential energy .
As small particles of dust and gas smashed together to create larger ones, they released kinetic energy. As the nebula collapsed, the gravity at the center increased and the cloud started to spin because of its angular momentum. As it collapsed further, the spinning got faster, much as an ice skater spins faster when he pulls his arms to his sides during a spin. [SEP] As the nebula collapsed , the gravity at the center increased and the cloud started to spin
As small particles of dust and gas smashed together to create larger ones, they released kinetic energy. As the nebula collapsed, the gravity at the center increased and the cloud started to spin because of its angular momentum. As it collapsed further, the spinning got faster, much as an ice skater spins faster when he pulls his arms to his sides during a spin. [SEP] . As it collapsed further , the spinning got faster , much as an ice skater spins faster when he pulls his arms to his sides during a spin
As the nebula collapsed, the gravity at the center increased and the cloud started to spin because of its angular momentum. As it collapsed further, the spinning got faster, much as an ice skater spins faster when he pulls his arms to his sides during a spin. Much of the clouds mass migrated to its center but the rest of the material flattened out in an enormous disk. [SEP] it collapsed further , the spinning got faster , much as an ice skater spins faster when he pulls his arms to his sides during a spin .
As the nebula collapsed, the gravity at the center increased and the cloud started to spin because of its angular momentum. As it collapsed further, the spinning got faster, much as an ice skater spins faster when he pulls his arms to his sides during a spin. Much of the clouds mass migrated to its center but the rest of the material flattened out in an enormous disk. [SEP] , the gravity at the center increased and the cloud started to spin because of its angular momentum .
Eventually, the planetesimals formed protoplanets, which grew to become the planets and moons that we find in our solar system today. Because of the gravitational sorting of material, the inner planets  Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars  formed from dense rock and metal. The outer planets  Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune  condensed farther from the Sun from lighter materials such as hydrogen, helium, water, ammonia, and methane. [SEP] Eventually , the planetesimals formed protoplanets , which grew to become the planets and moons that we find in our solar system today
Eventually, the planetesimals formed protoplanets, which grew to become the planets and moons that we find in our solar system today. Because of the gravitational sorting of material, the inner planets  Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars  formed from dense rock and metal. The outer planets  Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune  condensed farther from the Sun from lighter materials such as hydrogen, helium, water, ammonia, and methane. [SEP] , Venus , Earth , and Mars formed from dense rock and metal .
Millions of years ago, plants used energy from the Sun to form sugars, carbohydrates, and other energy-rich carbon compounds. As plants and animals died, their remains settled on the ground on land and in swamps, lakes, and seas (Figure 1.1). Over time, layer upon layer of these remains accumulated. [SEP] plants and animals died , their remains settled on the ground on land and in swamps , lakes , and seas -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
Millions of years ago, plants used energy from the Sun to form sugars, carbohydrates, and other energy-rich carbon compounds. As plants and animals died, their remains settled on the ground on land and in swamps, lakes, and seas (Figure 1.1). Over time, layer upon layer of these remains accumulated. [SEP] Millions of years ago , plants used energy from the Sun to form sugars , carbohydrates , and other energy-rich carbon compounds .
Over time, layer upon layer of these remains accumulated. Eventually, the layers were buried so deeply that they were crushed by an enormous mass of earth. The weight of this earth pressing down on these plant and animal remains created intense heat and pressure. [SEP] Eventually , the layers were buried so deeply
Over time, layer upon layer of these remains accumulated. Eventually, the layers were buried so deeply that they were crushed by an enormous mass of earth. The weight of this earth pressing down on these plant and animal remains created intense heat and pressure. [SEP] they were crushed by an enormous mass of earth .
Tar sands are rocky materials mixed with very thick oil. The tar is too thick to pump and so tar sands are strip-mined. Hot water and caustic soda are used to separate the oil from the rock. [SEP] The tar is too thick to pump
Tar sands are rocky materials mixed with very thick oil. The tar is too thick to pump and so tar sands are strip-mined. Hot water and caustic soda are used to separate the oil from the rock. [SEP] tar sands are strip-mined .
Fossil fuels provide about 85% of the worlds energy at this time. Worldwide fossil fuel usage has increased many times over in the past half century (coal - 2.6x, oil - 8x, natural gas - 14x) because of population increases, because of increases in the number of cars, televisions, and other fuel-consuming uses in the developed world, and because of lifestyle improvements in the developing world. The amount of fossil fuels that remain untapped is unknown, but can likely be measured in decades for oil and natural gas and in a few centuries for coal (Figure 1.1). [SEP] Worldwide fossil fuel usage has increased many times over in the past half century -LRB- coal - 2.6 x , oil - 8x , natural gas - 14x -RRB- because of population increases , because of increases in the number of cars , televisions , and other fuel-consuming uses in the developed world , and
Fossil fuels provide about 85% of the worlds energy at this time. Worldwide fossil fuel usage has increased many times over in the past half century (coal - 2.6x, oil - 8x, natural gas - 14x) because of population increases, because of increases in the number of cars, televisions, and other fuel-consuming uses in the developed world, and because of lifestyle improvements in the developing world. The amount of fossil fuels that remain untapped is unknown, but can likely be measured in decades for oil and natural gas and in a few centuries for coal (Figure 1.1). [SEP] . The amount of fossil fuels that remain untapped is unknown , but can likely be measured in decades for oil and natural gas and in a few centuries for coal -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB-
Although they make up only 5% of the area of the United States, wetlands contain more than 30% of the plant types. Many endangered species live in wetlands, so wetlands are protected from human use. Wetlands also play a key biological role by removing pollutants from water. [SEP] Many endangered species live in wetlands
Although they make up only 5% of the area of the United States, wetlands contain more than 30% of the plant types. Many endangered species live in wetlands, so wetlands are protected from human use. Wetlands also play a key biological role by removing pollutants from water. [SEP] wetlands are protected from human use .
Many endangered species live in wetlands, so wetlands are protected from human use. Wetlands also play a key biological role by removing pollutants from water. For example, they can trap and use fertilizer that has washed off a farmers field, and therefore they prevent that fertilizer from contaminating another body of water. [SEP] removing pollutants from water
Many endangered species live in wetlands, so wetlands are protected from human use. Wetlands also play a key biological role by removing pollutants from water. For example, they can trap and use fertilizer that has washed off a farmers field, and therefore they prevent that fertilizer from contaminating another body of water. [SEP] Wetlands also play a key biological role
Wetlands also play a key biological role by removing pollutants from water. For example, they can trap and use fertilizer that has washed off a farmers field, and therefore they prevent that fertilizer from contaminating another body of water. Since wetlands naturally purify water, preserving wetlands also helps to maintain clean supplies of water. [SEP] , they can trap and use fertilizer that has washed off a farmers field
Wetlands also play a key biological role by removing pollutants from water. For example, they can trap and use fertilizer that has washed off a farmers field, and therefore they prevent that fertilizer from contaminating another body of water. Since wetlands naturally purify water, preserving wetlands also helps to maintain clean supplies of water. [SEP] they prevent that fertilizer from contaminating another body of water .
For example, they can trap and use fertilizer that has washed off a farmers field, and therefore they prevent that fertilizer from contaminating another body of water. Since wetlands naturally purify water, preserving wetlands also helps to maintain clean supplies of water.  [SEP] wetlands naturally purify water , preserving wetlands also helps to maintain clean supplies of water .
For example, they can trap and use fertilizer that has washed off a farmers field, and therefore they prevent that fertilizer from contaminating another body of water. Since wetlands naturally purify water, preserving wetlands also helps to maintain clean supplies of water.  [SEP] For example , they can trap and use fertilizer that has washed off a farmers field , and therefore they prevent that fertilizer from contaminating another body of water .
Like marshes, they are frequently or always inundated with water. Since the water in a swamp moves slowly, oxygen in the water is often scarce. Swamp plants and animals must be adapted for these low-oxygen conditions. [SEP] the water in a swamp moves slowly
Like marshes, they are frequently or always inundated with water. Since the water in a swamp moves slowly, oxygen in the water is often scarce. Swamp plants and animals must be adapted for these low-oxygen conditions. [SEP] oxygen in the water is often scarce .
In the open-water zone, other plants and fish, such as bass and trout, live. The deep-water zone does not have photosynthesis since there is no sunlight. Most deep-water organisms are scavengers, such as crabs and catfish that feed on dead organisms that fall to the bottom of the lake. [SEP] there is no sunlight .
In the open-water zone, other plants and fish, such as bass and trout, live. The deep-water zone does not have photosynthesis since there is no sunlight. Most deep-water organisms are scavengers, such as crabs and catfish that feed on dead organisms that fall to the bottom of the lake. [SEP] The deep-water zone does not have photosynthesis
Fungi and bacteria aid in the decomposition in the deep zone. Though different creatures live in the oceans, ocean waters also have these same divisions based on sunlight with similar types of creatures that live in each of the zones. The three primary zones of a lake are the littoral, open-water, and deep-water zones. [SEP] sunlight with similar types of creatures that live in each of the zones
Fungi and bacteria aid in the decomposition in the deep zone. Though different creatures live in the oceans, ocean waters also have these same divisions based on sunlight with similar types of creatures that live in each of the zones. The three primary zones of a lake are the littoral, open-water, and deep-water zones. [SEP] Though different creatures live in the oceans , ocean waters also have these same divisions
Giant elliptical galaxies, on the other hand, can contain over a trillion stars. Elliptical galaxies are reddish to yellowish in color because they contain mostly old stars. Most elliptical galaxies contain very little gas and dust because the gas and dust have already formed into stars. [SEP] they contain mostly old stars .
Giant elliptical galaxies, on the other hand, can contain over a trillion stars. Elliptical galaxies are reddish to yellowish in color because they contain mostly old stars. Most elliptical galaxies contain very little gas and dust because the gas and dust have already formed into stars. [SEP] Elliptical galaxies are reddish to yellowish in color
Elliptical galaxies are reddish to yellowish in color because they contain mostly old stars. Most elliptical galaxies contain very little gas and dust because the gas and dust have already formed into stars. However, some elliptical galaxies, such as the one shown in Figure 1.4, contain lots of dust. [SEP] the gas and dust have already formed into stars .
Elliptical galaxies are reddish to yellowish in color because they contain mostly old stars. Most elliptical galaxies contain very little gas and dust because the gas and dust have already formed into stars. However, some elliptical galaxies, such as the one shown in Figure 1.4, contain lots of dust. [SEP] Most elliptical galaxies contain very little gas and dust
 Spiral galaxies spin, so they appear as a rotating disk of stars and dust, with a bulge in the middle, like the Sombrero Galaxy shown in Figure 1.2. Several arms spiral outward in the Pinwheel Galaxy (seen in Figure 1.2) and are appropriately called spiral arms. [SEP] Spiral galaxies spin
 Spiral galaxies spin, so they appear as a rotating disk of stars and dust, with a bulge in the middle, like the Sombrero Galaxy shown in Figure 1.2. Several arms spiral outward in the Pinwheel Galaxy (seen in Figure 1.2) and are appropriately called spiral arms. [SEP] they appear as a rotating disk of stars and dust , with a bulge in the middle , like the Sombrero Galaxy shown in Figure 1.2 .
(a) The Sombrero Galaxy is a spiral galaxy that we see from the side so the disk and central bulge are visible. (b) [SEP] The Sombrero Galaxy is a spiral galaxy that we see from the side
(a) The Sombrero Galaxy is a spiral galaxy that we see from the side so the disk and central bulge are visible. (b) [SEP] the disk and central bulge are visible .
(b) The Pinwheel Galaxy is a spiral galaxy that we see face-on so we can see the spiral arms. Because they contain lots of young stars, spiral arms tend to be blue. [SEP] The Pinwheel Galaxy is a spiral galaxy that we see face-on
(b) The Pinwheel Galaxy is a spiral galaxy that we see face-on so we can see the spiral arms. Because they contain lots of young stars, spiral arms tend to be blue. [SEP] we can see the spiral arms .
The Pinwheel Galaxy is a spiral galaxy that we see face-on so we can see the spiral arms. Because they contain lots of young stars, spiral arms tend to be blue.  [SEP] they contain lots of young stars
The Pinwheel Galaxy is a spiral galaxy that we see face-on so we can see the spiral arms. Because they contain lots of young stars, spiral arms tend to be blue.  [SEP] spiral arms tend to be blue .
But that fuzzy spot contains one trillion  1,000,000,000,000  stars! Galaxies are divided into three types according to shape: spiral galaxies, elliptical galaxies, and irregular galaxies.  [SEP] shape : spiral galaxies , elliptical galaxies , and irregular galaxies
But that fuzzy spot contains one trillion  1,000,000,000,000  stars! Galaxies are divided into three types according to shape: spiral galaxies, elliptical galaxies, and irregular galaxies.  [SEP] Galaxies are divided into three types
Dwarf galaxies are the most common type in the universe. However, because they are relatively small and dim, we dont see as many dwarf galaxies from Earth. Most dwarf galaxies are irregular in shape. [SEP] they are relatively small and dim
Dwarf galaxies are the most common type in the universe. However, because they are relatively small and dim, we dont see as many dwarf galaxies from Earth. Most dwarf galaxies are irregular in shape. [SEP] we dont see as many dwarf galaxies from Earth .
Its always fun to think about geologic time in a framework that we can more readily understand. Here are when some major events in Earth history would have occurred if all of earth history was condensed down to one calendar year. January 1 12 am: [SEP] all of earth history was condensed down to one calendar year .
Its always fun to think about geologic time in a framework that we can more readily understand. Here are when some major events in Earth history would have occurred if all of earth history was condensed down to one calendar year. January 1 12 am: [SEP] some major events in Earth history would have occurred
Then they divided Earths history into blocks of time with each block separated by important events, such as the disappearance of a species of fossil from the rock record. Since many of the scientists who first assigned names to times in Earths history were from Europe, they named the blocks of time from towns or other local places where the rock layers that represented that time were found. From these blocks of time the scientists created the geologic time scale (Figure 1.1). [SEP] many of the scientists who first assigned names to
Then they divided Earths history into blocks of time with each block separated by important events, such as the disappearance of a species of fossil from the rock record. Since many of the scientists who first assigned names to times in Earths history were from Europe, they named the blocks of time from towns or other local places where the rock layers that represented that time were found. From these blocks of time the scientists created the geologic time scale (Figure 1.1). [SEP] they named the blocks of
A deeply buried rock is pushed down by the weight of all the material above it. Since the rock cannot move, it cannot deform. This is called confining stress. [SEP] the rock can not move
A deeply buried rock is pushed down by the weight of all the material above it. Since the rock cannot move, it cannot deform. This is called confining stress. [SEP] it can not deform .
Geothermal energy is clean and safe. The energy source is renewable since hot rock is found everywhere in the Earth, although in many parts of the world the hot rock is not close enough to the surface for building geothermal power plants. In some areas, geothermal power is common (Figure 1.1). [SEP] hot rock is found everywhere in the Earth
Geothermal energy is clean and safe. The energy source is renewable since hot rock is found everywhere in the Earth, although in many parts of the world the hot rock is not close enough to the surface for building geothermal power plants. In some areas, geothermal power is common (Figure 1.1). [SEP] although in many parts of the world the hot rock is not close enough to the surface for building geothermal power plants .
Geothermal energy is clean and safe. The energy source is renewable since hot rock is found everywhere in the Earth, although in many parts of the world the hot rock is not close enough to the surface for building geothermal power plants. In some areas, geothermal power is common (Figure 1.1). [SEP] building geothermal power plants
Geothermal energy is clean and safe. The energy source is renewable since hot rock is found everywhere in the Earth, although in many parts of the world the hot rock is not close enough to the surface for building geothermal power plants. In some areas, geothermal power is common (Figure 1.1). [SEP] although in many parts of the world the hot rock is not close enough to the surface
Nearly all glacial ice, 99%, is contained in ice sheets in the polar regions, particularly Antarctica and Greenland. Glaciers often form in the mountains because higher altitudes are colder and more likely to have snow that falls and collects. Every continent, except Australia, hosts at least some glaciers in the high mountains. [SEP] higher altitudes are colder and more likely to have snow that falls and collects .
Nearly all glacial ice, 99%, is contained in ice sheets in the polar regions, particularly Antarctica and Greenland. Glaciers often form in the mountains because higher altitudes are colder and more likely to have snow that falls and collects. Every continent, except Australia, hosts at least some glaciers in the high mountains. [SEP] Glaciers often form in the mountains
Many of the glaciers in Glacier National Park have shrunk and are no longer active. Summer temperatures have risen rapidly in this part of the country and so the rate of melting has picked up. Whereas Glacier National Park had 150 glaciers in 1850, there are only about 25 today. [SEP] Summer temperatures have risen rapidly in this part of the country
Many of the glaciers in Glacier National Park have shrunk and are no longer active. Summer temperatures have risen rapidly in this part of the country and so the rate of melting has picked up. Whereas Glacier National Park had 150 glaciers in 1850, there are only about 25 today. [SEP] the rate of melting has picked up .
Recent estimates are that the park will have no active glaciers as early as 2020. This satellite image shows Grinnell Glacier, Swiftcurrent Glacier, and Gem Glacier in 2003 with an outline of the extent of the glaciers as they were in 1950. Although it continues to be classified as a glacier, Gem Glacier is only 0.020 km2 (5 acres) in area, only one-fifth the size of the smallest active glaciers. [SEP] they were in 1950 .
Recent estimates are that the park will have no active glaciers as early as 2020. This satellite image shows Grinnell Glacier, Swiftcurrent Glacier, and Gem Glacier in 2003 with an outline of the extent of the glaciers as they were in 1950. Although it continues to be classified as a glacier, Gem Glacier is only 0.020 km2 (5 acres) in area, only one-fifth the size of the smallest active glaciers. [SEP] This satellite image shows Grinnell Glacier , Swiftcurrent Glacier , and Gem Glacier in 2003 with an outline of the extent of the glaciers
This satellite image shows Grinnell Glacier, Swiftcurrent Glacier, and Gem Glacier in 2003 with an outline of the extent of the glaciers as they were in 1950. Although it continues to be classified as a glacier, Gem Glacier is only 0.020 km2 (5 acres) in area, only one-fifth the size of the smallest active glaciers.  [SEP] a glacier , Gem Glacier is only 0.020 km2 -LRB- 5 acres -RRB- in area , only one-fifth the size of the smallest active glaciers
This satellite image shows Grinnell Glacier, Swiftcurrent Glacier, and Gem Glacier in 2003 with an outline of the extent of the glaciers as they were in 1950. Although it continues to be classified as a glacier, Gem Glacier is only 0.020 km2 (5 acres) in area, only one-fifth the size of the smallest active glaciers.  [SEP] it continues to be classified
Eventually, as more snow and ice collect, the firn becomes denser and converts to glacial ice. Water is too warm for a glacier to form, so they form only on land. A glacier may run out from land into water, but it usually breaks up into icebergs that eventually melt into the water. [SEP] Water is too warm for a glacier to form
Eventually, as more snow and ice collect, the firn becomes denser and converts to glacial ice. Water is too warm for a glacier to form, so they form only on land. A glacier may run out from land into water, but it usually breaks up into icebergs that eventually melt into the water. [SEP] they form only on land .
Whether an ice field moves or not depends on the amount of ice in the field, the steepness of the slope and the roughness of the ground surface. Ice moves where the pressure is so great that it undergoes plastic flow. Ice also slides at the bottom, often lubricated by water that has melted and travels between the ground and the ice. [SEP] Ice moves where the pressure is so great
Whether an ice field moves or not depends on the amount of ice in the field, the steepness of the slope and the roughness of the ground surface. Ice moves where the pressure is so great that it undergoes plastic flow. Ice also slides at the bottom, often lubricated by water that has melted and travels between the ground and the ice. [SEP] it undergoes plastic flow .
The speed of a glacier ranges from extremely fast, where conditions are favorable, to nearly zero. Because the ice is moving, glaciers have crevasses, where cracks form in the ice as a result of movement. The large crevasse at the top of an alpine glacier where ice that is moving is separated from ice that is stuck to the mountain above is called a bergshrund. [SEP] the ice is moving
The speed of a glacier ranges from extremely fast, where conditions are favorable, to nearly zero. Because the ice is moving, glaciers have crevasses, where cracks form in the ice as a result of movement. The large crevasse at the top of an alpine glacier where ice that is moving is separated from ice that is stuck to the mountain above is called a bergshrund. [SEP] glaciers have crevasses , where cracks form in the ice as a result of movement .
The speed of a glacier ranges from extremely fast, where conditions are favorable, to nearly zero. Because the ice is moving, glaciers have crevasses, where cracks form in the ice as a result of movement. The large crevasse at the top of an alpine glacier where ice that is moving is separated from ice that is stuck to the mountain above is called a bergshrund. [SEP] movement
The speed of a glacier ranges from extremely fast, where conditions are favorable, to nearly zero. Because the ice is moving, glaciers have crevasses, where cracks form in the ice as a result of movement. The large crevasse at the top of an alpine glacier where ice that is moving is separated from ice that is stuck to the mountain above is called a bergshrund. [SEP] glaciers have crevasses , where cracks form in the ice
The large crevasse at the top of an alpine glacier where ice that is moving is separated from ice that is stuck to the mountain above is called a bergshrund. Crevasses in a glacier are the result of movement.  [SEP] movement
The large crevasse at the top of an alpine glacier where ice that is moving is separated from ice that is stuck to the mountain above is called a bergshrund. Crevasses in a glacier are the result of movement.  [SEP] Crevasses in a glacier
The United States has long been the largest emitter of greenhouse gases, with about 20% of total emissions in 2004. As a result of Chinas rapid economic growth, its emissions surpassed those of the United States in 2008. However, its also important to keep in mind that the United States has only about one-fifth the population of China. [SEP] Chinas rapid economic growth
The United States has long been the largest emitter of greenhouse gases, with about 20% of total emissions in 2004. As a result of Chinas rapid economic growth, its emissions surpassed those of the United States in 2008. However, its also important to keep in mind that the United States has only about one-fifth the population of China. [SEP] its emissions surpassed those of the United States in 2008 .
The 2000s were the warmest decade yet. Annual variations aside, the average global temperature increased about 0.8o C (1.5o F) between 1880 and 2010, according to the Goddard Institute for Space Studies, NOAA. This number doesnt seem very large. [SEP] the Goddard Institute for Space Studies , NOAA
The 2000s were the warmest decade yet. Annual variations aside, the average global temperature increased about 0.8o C (1.5o F) between 1880 and 2010, according to the Goddard Institute for Space Studies, NOAA. This number doesnt seem very large. [SEP] Annual variations aside , the average global temperature increased about 0.8 o C -LRB- 1.5 o F -RRB- between 1880 and 2010
 The following images show changes in the Earth and organisms as a result of global warming: Figure 1.2, Figure (a) Breakup of the Larsen Ice Shelf in Antarctica in 2002 was related to climate warming in the region. [SEP] The following images show changes in the Earth and organisms
 The following images show changes in the Earth and organisms as a result of global warming: Figure 1.2, Figure (a) Breakup of the Larsen Ice Shelf in Antarctica in 2002 was related to climate warming in the region. [SEP] of global warming : Figure 1.2 , Figure -LRB- a -RRB- Breakup of the Larsen Ice Shelf in Antarctica in 2002 was related to climate warming in the region
(b) The Boulder Glacier has melted back tremendously since 1985. Other mountain glaciers around the world are also melting. [SEP] 1985 . Other mountain glaciers around the world are also melting
(b) The Boulder Glacier has melted back tremendously since 1985. Other mountain glaciers around the world are also melting. [SEP] The Boulder Glacier has melted back tremendously
Species that can are moving their ranges uphill. Some regions that were already marginal for agriculture are no longer arable because they have become too warm or dry. What are the two major effects being seen in this animation? [SEP] they have become too warm or dry .
Species that can are moving their ranges uphill. Some regions that were already marginal for agriculture are no longer arable because they have become too warm or dry. What are the two major effects being seen in this animation? [SEP] Some regions that were already marginal for agriculture are no longer arable
(a) Melting ice caps add water to the oceans, so sea level is rising. Remember that water slightly expands as it warms this expansion is also causing sea level to rise. [SEP] Melting ice caps add water to the oceans
(a) Melting ice caps add water to the oceans, so sea level is rising. Remember that water slightly expands as it warms this expansion is also causing sea level to rise. [SEP] sea level is rising .
The distance between the Sun and each of its planets is very large, but the Sun and each of the planets are also very large. Gravity keeps each planet orbiting the Sun because the star and its planets are very large objects. The force of gravity also holds moons in orbit around planets. [SEP] the star and its planets are very large objects .
The distance between the Sun and each of its planets is very large, but the Sun and each of the planets are also very large. Gravity keeps each planet orbiting the Sun because the star and its planets are very large objects. The force of gravity also holds moons in orbit around planets. [SEP] Gravity keeps each planet orbiting the Sun
Like a blanket on a sleeping person, greenhouse gases act as insulation for the planet. The warming of the atmosphere because of insulation by greenhouse gases is called the greenhouse effect (Figure 1.1). Greenhouse gases are the component of the atmosphere that moderate Earths temperatures. [SEP] a blanket on a sleeping person , greenhouse gases act as insulation for the planet . The warming of the atmosphere
Like a blanket on a sleeping person, greenhouse gases act as insulation for the planet. The warming of the atmosphere because of insulation by greenhouse gases is called the greenhouse effect (Figure 1.1). Greenhouse gases are the component of the atmosphere that moderate Earths temperatures. [SEP] is called the greenhouse effect -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
One CFC-12 molecule (a type of CFC) traps 10,600 times as much heat as one CO2 . Still, CO2 is a very important greenhouse gas because it is much more abundant in the atmosphere.  [SEP] it is much more abundant in the atmosphere .
One CFC-12 molecule (a type of CFC) traps 10,600 times as much heat as one CO2 . Still, CO2 is a very important greenhouse gas because it is much more abundant in the atmosphere.  [SEP] Still , CO2 is a very important greenhouse gas
CFCs have only recently existed. What do you think happens as atmospheric greenhouse gas levels increase? More greenhouse gases trap more heat and warm the atmosphere. [SEP] atmospheric greenhouse gas levels increase ?
CFCs have only recently existed. What do you think happens as atmospheric greenhouse gas levels increase? More greenhouse gases trap more heat and warm the atmosphere. [SEP] you think happens
It is important for anyone who intends to dig a well to know how deep beneath the surface the water table is. When the water table is close to the surface, wells are a convenient method for extracting water. When the water table is far below the surface, specialized equipment must The top of the stream is the top of the water table. [SEP] extracting water
It is important for anyone who intends to dig a well to know how deep beneath the surface the water table is. When the water table is close to the surface, wells are a convenient method for extracting water. When the water table is far below the surface, specialized equipment must The top of the stream is the top of the water table. [SEP] When the water table is close to the surface , wells are a convenient method
Some aquifers are overused; people pump out more water than is replaced. As the water is pumped out, the water table slowly falls, requiring wells to be dug deeper, which takes more money and energy. Wells may go completely dry if they are not deep enough to reach into the lowered water table. [SEP] the water is pumped out , the water table slowly falls , requiring wells to be dug deeper , which takes more money and energy .
Some aquifers are overused; people pump out more water than is replaced. As the water is pumped out, the water table slowly falls, requiring wells to be dug deeper, which takes more money and energy. Wells may go completely dry if they are not deep enough to reach into the lowered water table. [SEP] ; people pump out more water than is replaced .
As the water is pumped out, the water table slowly falls, requiring wells to be dug deeper, which takes more money and energy. Wells may go completely dry if they are not deep enough to reach into the lowered water table. Other problems may stem from groundwater overuse. [SEP] they are not deep enough to reach into the lowered water table .
As the water is pumped out, the water table slowly falls, requiring wells to be dug deeper, which takes more money and energy. Wells may go completely dry if they are not deep enough to reach into the lowered water table. Other problems may stem from groundwater overuse. [SEP] Wells may go completely dry
 Groundwater is a bit safer from pollution than surface water from some types of pollution because some pollutants are filtered out by the rock and soil that water travels through as it travels through the ground or once it is in the aquifer. But rock and soil cant get out everything, depending on the type of rock and soil and on the types of pollutants. [SEP] some pollutants are filtered out by the rock and soil that water travels through as it travels through the ground or once it is in the aquifer .
 Groundwater is a bit safer from pollution than surface water from some types of pollution because some pollutants are filtered out by the rock and soil that water travels through as it travels through the ground or once it is in the aquifer. But rock and soil cant get out everything, depending on the type of rock and soil and on the types of pollutants. [SEP] Groundwater is a bit safer from pollution than surface water from some types of pollution
 Groundwater is a bit safer from pollution than surface water from some types of pollution because some pollutants are filtered out by the rock and soil that water travels through as it travels through the ground or once it is in the aquifer. But rock and soil cant get out everything, depending on the type of rock and soil and on the types of pollutants. [SEP] it travels through the ground or once it is in the aquifer .
 Groundwater is a bit safer from pollution than surface water from some types of pollution because some pollutants are filtered out by the rock and soil that water travels through as it travels through the ground or once it is in the aquifer. But rock and soil cant get out everything, depending on the type of rock and soil and on the types of pollutants. [SEP] some pollutants are filtered out by the rock and soil that water travels through
But rock and soil cant get out everything, depending on the type of rock and soil and on the types of pollutants. As it is, about 25% of the usable groundwater and 45% of the municipal groundwater supplies in the United States are polluted.  [SEP] it is , about 25 % of the usable groundwater and 45 % of the municipal groundwater supplies in the United States are polluted .
But rock and soil cant get out everything, depending on the type of rock and soil and on the types of pollutants. As it is, about 25% of the usable groundwater and 45% of the municipal groundwater supplies in the United States are polluted.  [SEP] But rock and soil cant get out everything , depending on the type of rock and soil and on the types of pollutants .
Not only has the population increased, but the rate of population growth has increased (Figure 1.2). The population was estimated to reach 7 billion in 2012, but it did so in 2011, just 12 years after reaching 6 billion. Human population from 10,000 BC through 2000 AD, showing the exponential increase in human population that has occurred in the last few centuries. [SEP] The population was estimated to reach 7 billion in 2012 , but it did
Not only has the population increased, but the rate of population growth has increased (Figure 1.2). The population was estimated to reach 7 billion in 2012, but it did so in 2011, just 12 years after reaching 6 billion. Human population from 10,000 BC through 2000 AD, showing the exponential increase in human population that has occurred in the last few centuries. [SEP] in 2011 , just 12 years after reaching 6 billion . Human population from 10,000 BC through 2000 AD , showing the exponential increase in human population that has occurred in the last few centuries
Human population growth over the past 10,000 years has been tremendous (Figure 1.1). The entire human popula- tion was estimated to be 5 million in 8000 B.C. 300 million in A.D. 1 1 billion in 1802 3 billion in 1961 7 billion in 2011 As the human population continues to grow, different factors limit population in different parts of the world. What might be a limiting factor for human population in a particular location? [SEP] the human population continues to grow , different factors limit population in different parts of the world .
Human population growth over the past 10,000 years has been tremendous (Figure 1.1). The entire human popula- tion was estimated to be 5 million in 8000 B.C. 300 million in A.D. 1 1 billion in 1802 3 billion in 1961 7 billion in 2011 As the human population continues to grow, different factors limit population in different parts of the world. What might be a limiting factor for human population in a particular location? [SEP] tion was estimated to be 5 million in 8000 B.C. 300 million in A.D. 1 1 billion in 1802 3 billion in 1961 7 billion in 2011
These include chemicals like drain cleaners and pesticides that are toxic to humans and many other creatures. While these chemicals are fine if they are stored and used properly, if they are used or disposed of improperly, they may become hazardous wastes. Others sources of hazardous waste are shown in Table 1.1. [SEP] they are used or disposed of improperly
These include chemicals like drain cleaners and pesticides that are toxic to humans and many other creatures. While these chemicals are fine if they are stored and used properly, if they are used or disposed of improperly, they may become hazardous wastes. Others sources of hazardous waste are shown in Table 1.1. [SEP] they may become hazardous wastes .
 Because solar energy continually enters Earths atmosphere and ground surface, is the planet getting hotter? The answer is no (although the next section contains an exception), because energy from Earth escapes into space through the top of the atmosphere. [SEP] solar energy continually enters Earths atmosphere and ground surface
 Because solar energy continually enters Earths atmosphere and ground surface, is the planet getting hotter? The answer is no (although the next section contains an exception), because energy from Earth escapes into space through the top of the atmosphere. [SEP] is the planet getting hotter ?
Because solar energy continually enters Earths atmosphere and ground surface, is the planet getting hotter? The answer is no (although the next section contains an exception), because energy from Earth escapes into space through the top of the atmosphere. If the amount that exits is equal to the amount that comes in, then average global temperature stays the same. [SEP] energy from Earth escapes into space through the top of the atmosphere .
Because solar energy continually enters Earths atmosphere and ground surface, is the planet getting hotter? The answer is no (although the next section contains an exception), because energy from Earth escapes into space through the top of the atmosphere. If the amount that exits is equal to the amount that comes in, then average global temperature stays the same. [SEP] The answer is no -LRB- although the next section contains an exception -RRB-
The answer is no (although the next section contains an exception), because energy from Earth escapes into space through the top of the atmosphere. If the amount that exits is equal to the amount that comes in, then average global temperature stays the same. This means that the planets heat budget is in balance. [SEP] the amount that exits is equal to the amount that comes in
The answer is no (although the next section contains an exception), because energy from Earth escapes into space through the top of the atmosphere. If the amount that exits is equal to the amount that comes in, then average global temperature stays the same. This means that the planets heat budget is in balance. [SEP] average global temperature stays the same .
A heat wave is different depending on its location. According to the World Meteorological Organization, a region is in a heat wave if it has more than five consecutive days of temperatures that are more than 9 F (5 C) above average. Heat waves have increased in frequency and duration in recent years. [SEP] it has more than five consecutive days of temperatures that are more than 9 F -LRB- 5 C -RRB- above average .
A heat wave is different depending on its location. According to the World Meteorological Organization, a region is in a heat wave if it has more than five consecutive days of temperatures that are more than 9 F (5 C) above average. Heat waves have increased in frequency and duration in recent years. [SEP] According to the World Meteorological Organization , a region is in a heat wave
A heat wave is different depending on its location. According to the World Meteorological Organization, a region is in a heat wave if it has more than five consecutive days of temperatures that are more than 9 F (5 C) above average. Heat waves have increased in frequency and duration in recent years. [SEP] the World Meteorological Organization
A heat wave is different depending on its location. According to the World Meteorological Organization, a region is in a heat wave if it has more than five consecutive days of temperatures that are more than 9 F (5 C) above average. Heat waves have increased in frequency and duration in recent years. [SEP] a region is in a heat wave
When water is both superheated by magma and flows through a narrow passageway underground, the environment is ideal for a geyser. The passageway traps the heated water underground, so that heat and pressure can build. Eventually, the pressure grows so great that the superheated water bursts out onto the surface to create a geyser. [SEP] The passageway traps the heated water underground ,
When water is both superheated by magma and flows through a narrow passageway underground, the environment is ideal for a geyser. The passageway traps the heated water underground, so that heat and pressure can build. Eventually, the pressure grows so great that the superheated water bursts out onto the surface to create a geyser. [SEP] heat and pressure can build .
The passageway traps the heated water underground, so that heat and pressure can build. Eventually, the pressure grows so great that the superheated water bursts out onto the surface to create a geyser. Figure 1.2. [SEP] Eventually , the pressure grows so great
The passageway traps the heated water underground, so that heat and pressure can build. Eventually, the pressure grows so great that the superheated water bursts out onto the surface to create a geyser. Figure 1.2. [SEP] the superheated water bursts out onto the surface to create a geyser .
The fossil record consists almost entirely of the shells, bones, or other hard parts of animals. Mammal teeth are much more resistant than other bones, so a large portion of the mammal fossil record consists of teeth. The shells of marine creatures are common also. [SEP] Mammal teeth are much more resistant than other bones
The fossil record consists almost entirely of the shells, bones, or other hard parts of animals. Mammal teeth are much more resistant than other bones, so a large portion of the mammal fossil record consists of teeth. The shells of marine creatures are common also. [SEP] a large portion of the mammal fossil record consists of teeth .
 Quick burial is essential because most decay and fragmentation occurs at the surface. Marine animals that die near a river delta may be rapidly buried by river sediments. [SEP] most decay and fragmentation occurs at the surface .
 Quick burial is essential because most decay and fragmentation occurs at the surface. Marine animals that die near a river delta may be rapidly buried by river sediments. [SEP] Quick burial is essential
This fish was quickly buried in sediment to become a fossil. Quick burial is rare on land, so fossils of land animals and plants are less common than marine fossils. Land People buried by the extremely hot eruption of ash and gases at Mt. Vesuvius in 79 AD. [SEP] Quick burial is rare on land
This fish was quickly buried in sediment to become a fossil. Quick burial is rare on land, so fossils of land animals and plants are less common than marine fossils. Land People buried by the extremely hot eruption of ash and gases at Mt. Vesuvius in 79 AD. [SEP] fossils of land animals and plants are less common than marine fossils .
 Unusual circumstances may lead to the preservation of a variety of fossils, as at the La Brea Tar Pits in Los Angeles, California. Although the animals trapped in the La Brea Tar Pits probably suffered a slow, miserable death, their bones were preserved perfectly by the sticky tar. [SEP] Unusual circumstances
 Unusual circumstances may lead to the preservation of a variety of fossils, as at the La Brea Tar Pits in Los Angeles, California. Although the animals trapped in the La Brea Tar Pits probably suffered a slow, miserable death, their bones were preserved perfectly by the sticky tar. [SEP] the preservation of a variety of fossils
(This explanation could not account for the fact that fossils were not only found on mountains, but also within mountains, in rocks that had been quarried from deep below Earths surface.) The fossils formed within the rocks as a result of mysterious forces. But for Steno, the close resemblance between fossils and modern organisms was impossible to ignore. [SEP] mysterious forces
(This explanation could not account for the fact that fossils were not only found on mountains, but also within mountains, in rocks that had been quarried from deep below Earths surface.) The fossils formed within the rocks as a result of mysterious forces. But for Steno, the close resemblance between fossils and modern organisms was impossible to ignore. [SEP] The fossils formed within the rocks
Only bones are left behind. As the years go by, the bones are scattered and fragmented into small pieces, eventually turning into dust. The remaining nutrients return to the soil. [SEP] the years go by , the bones are scattered and fragmented into small pieces , eventually turning into dust .
Only bones are left behind. As the years go by, the bones are scattered and fragmented into small pieces, eventually turning into dust. The remaining nutrients return to the soil. [SEP] Only bones are left behind .
Surface currents play an enormous role in Earths climate. Even though the Equator and poles have very different climates, these regions would have more extremely different climates if ocean currents did not transfer heat from the equatorial regions to the higher latitudes. The Gulf Stream is a river of warm water in the Atlantic Ocean, about 160 kilometers wide and about a kilometer deep. [SEP] ocean currents did not transfer heat from the equatorial regions to the higher latitudes .
Surface currents play an enormous role in Earths climate. Even though the Equator and poles have very different climates, these regions would have more extremely different climates if ocean currents did not transfer heat from the equatorial regions to the higher latitudes. The Gulf Stream is a river of warm water in the Atlantic Ocean, about 160 kilometers wide and about a kilometer deep. [SEP] Even though the Equator and poles have very different climates , these regions would have more extremely different climates
The Gulf Stream is a river of warm water in the Atlantic Ocean, about 160 kilometers wide and about a kilometer deep. Water that enters the Gulf Stream is heated as it travels along the Equator. The warm water then flows up the east coast of North America and across the Atlantic Ocean to Europe (see opening image). [SEP] it travels along the Equator .
The Gulf Stream is a river of warm water in the Atlantic Ocean, about 160 kilometers wide and about a kilometer deep. Water that enters the Gulf Stream is heated as it travels along the Equator. The warm water then flows up the east coast of North America and across the Atlantic Ocean to Europe (see opening image). [SEP] Water that enters the Gulf Stream is heated
However, Londons average January temperature is 3.8 C (38 F), while Quebecs is only -12 C (10 F). Because air traveling over the warm water in the Gulf Stream picks up a lot of water, London gets a lot of rain. In contrast, Quebec is much drier and receives its precipitation as snow. [SEP] air traveling over the warm water in the Gulf Stream picks up a lot of water
However, Londons average January temperature is 3.8 C (38 F), while Quebecs is only -12 C (10 F). Because air traveling over the warm water in the Gulf Stream picks up a lot of water, London gets a lot of rain. In contrast, Quebec is much drier and receives its precipitation as snow. [SEP] London gets a lot of rain .
The ice ages allowed humans to migrate. During the ice ages, water was frozen in glaciers and so land bridges such as the Bering Strait allowed humans to walk from the old world to the new world. DNA evidence suggests that the humans who migrated out of Africa interbred with Neanderthal since these people contain some Neanderthal DNA. [SEP] , water was frozen in glaciers
The ice ages allowed humans to migrate. During the ice ages, water was frozen in glaciers and so land bridges such as the Bering Strait allowed humans to walk from the old world to the new world. DNA evidence suggests that the humans who migrated out of Africa interbred with Neanderthal since these people contain some Neanderthal DNA. [SEP] land bridges such as the Bering Strait allowed humans to walk from the old world to the new world .
During the ice ages, water was frozen in glaciers and so land bridges such as the Bering Strait allowed humans to walk from the old world to the new world. DNA evidence suggests that the humans who migrated out of Africa interbred with Neanderthal since these people contain some Neanderthal DNA. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] these people contain some Neanderthal DNA .
During the ice ages, water was frozen in glaciers and so land bridges such as the Bering Strait allowed humans to walk from the old world to the new world. DNA evidence suggests that the humans who migrated out of Africa interbred with Neanderthal since these people contain some Neanderthal DNA. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] DNA evidence suggests that the humans who migrated out of Africa interbred with Neanderthal
Fractional crystallization is the opposite of partial melting. This process describes the crystallization of different minerals as magma cools. Bowens Reaction Series indicates the temperatures at which minerals melt or crystallize (Figure 1.1). [SEP] magma cools .
Fractional crystallization is the opposite of partial melting. This process describes the crystallization of different minerals as magma cools. Bowens Reaction Series indicates the temperatures at which minerals melt or crystallize (Figure 1.1). [SEP] This process describes the crystallization of different minerals
This process describes the crystallization of different minerals as magma cools. Bowens Reaction Series indicates the temperatures at which minerals melt or crystallize (Figure 1.1). An under- standing of the way atoms join together to form minerals leads to an understanding of how different igneous rocks form. [SEP] Bowens Reaction Series
This process describes the crystallization of different minerals as magma cools. Bowens Reaction Series indicates the temperatures at which minerals melt or crystallize (Figure 1.1). An under- standing of the way atoms join together to form minerals leads to an understanding of how different igneous rocks form. [SEP] the temperatures at which minerals melt or crystallize -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB-
Bowens Reaction Series indicates the temperatures at which minerals melt or crystallize (Figure 1.1). An under- standing of the way atoms join together to form minerals leads to an understanding of how different igneous rocks form. Bowens Reaction Series also explains why some minerals are always found together and some are never found together. [SEP] minerals
Bowens Reaction Series indicates the temperatures at which minerals melt or crystallize (Figure 1.1). An under- standing of the way atoms join together to form minerals leads to an understanding of how different igneous rocks form. Bowens Reaction Series also explains why some minerals are always found together and some are never found together. [SEP] an understanding of how different igneous rocks form
Bowens Reaction Series also explains why some minerals are always found together and some are never found together. If the liquid separates from the solids at any time in partial melting or fractional crystallization, the chemical composition of the liquid and solid will be different. When that liquid crystallizes, the resulting igneous rock will have a different composition from the parent rock. [SEP] the liquid separates from the solids at any time in partial melting or fractional crystallization
Bowens Reaction Series also explains why some minerals are always found together and some are never found together. If the liquid separates from the solids at any time in partial melting or fractional crystallization, the chemical composition of the liquid and solid will be different. When that liquid crystallizes, the resulting igneous rock will have a different composition from the parent rock. [SEP] the chemical composition of the liquid and solid will be different .
Pressure: Pressure increases with depth, but increased pressure raises the melting temperature, so melting is less likely to occur at higher pressures. Water: [SEP] Pressure increases with depth , but increased pressure raises the melting temperature
Pressure: Pressure increases with depth, but increased pressure raises the melting temperature, so melting is less likely to occur at higher pressures. Water: [SEP] melting is less likely to occur at higher pressures .
The addition of water changes the melting point of rock. As the amount of water increases, the melting point decreases. Rock composition: Minerals melt at different temperatures, so the temperature must be high enough to melt at least some minerals in the rock. [SEP] the amount of water increases , the melting point decreases .
The addition of water changes the melting point of rock. As the amount of water increases, the melting point decreases. Rock composition: Minerals melt at different temperatures, so the temperature must be high enough to melt at least some minerals in the rock. [SEP] The addition of water changes the melting point of rock .
As the amount of water increases, the melting point decreases. Rock composition: Minerals melt at different temperatures, so the temperature must be high enough to melt at least some minerals in the rock. The first mineral to melt from a rock will be quartz (if present) and the last will be olivine (if present). [SEP] : Minerals melt at different temperatures
As the amount of water increases, the melting point decreases. Rock composition: Minerals melt at different temperatures, so the temperature must be high enough to melt at least some minerals in the rock. The first mineral to melt from a rock will be quartz (if present) and the last will be olivine (if present). [SEP] the temperature must be high enough to melt at least some minerals in the rock .
Rock composition: Minerals melt at different temperatures, so the temperature must be high enough to melt at least some minerals in the rock. The first mineral to melt from a rock will be quartz (if present) and the last will be olivine (if present). The different geologic settings that produce varying conditions under which rocks melt will be discussed in the chapter Plate Tectonics. [SEP] present -RRB- and the last will be olivine -LRB-
Rock composition: Minerals melt at different temperatures, so the temperature must be high enough to melt at least some minerals in the rock. The first mineral to melt from a rock will be quartz (if present) and the last will be olivine (if present). The different geologic settings that produce varying conditions under which rocks melt will be discussed in the chapter Plate Tectonics. [SEP] The first mineral to melt from a rock will be quartz -LRB-
Plant and animal species seeking cooler temperatures will need to move poleward 100 to 150 km (60 to 90 miles) or upward 150 m (500 feet) for each 1.0o C (8o F) rise in global temperature. There will be a tremendous loss of biodiversity because forest species cant migrate that rapidly. Biologists have already documented the extinction of high-altitude species that have nowhere higher to go. [SEP] forest species cant migrate that rapidly .
Plant and animal species seeking cooler temperatures will need to move poleward 100 to 150 km (60 to 90 miles) or upward 150 m (500 feet) for each 1.0o C (8o F) rise in global temperature. There will be a tremendous loss of biodiversity because forest species cant migrate that rapidly. Biologists have already documented the extinction of high-altitude species that have nowhere higher to go. [SEP] There will be a tremendous loss of biodiversity
Some modelers predict that the midwestern United States will become too dry to support agriculture and that Canada will become the new breadbasket. In all, about 10% to 50% of current cropland worldwide may become unusable if CO2 doubles. You may notice that the numerical predictions above contain wide ranges. [SEP] CO2 doubles .
Some modelers predict that the midwestern United States will become too dry to support agriculture and that Canada will become the new breadbasket. In all, about 10% to 50% of current cropland worldwide may become unusable if CO2 doubles. You may notice that the numerical predictions above contain wide ranges. [SEP] In all , about 10 % to 50 % of current cropland worldwide may become unusable
What is the reason for this uncertainty? It is partly because scientists cannot predict exactly how the Earth will respond to increased levels of greenhouses gases. How quickly greenhouse gases continue to build up in the atmosphere depends in part on the choices we make. [SEP] scientists can not predict exactly how the Earth will respond to increased levels of greenhouses gases .
What is the reason for this uncertainty? It is partly because scientists cannot predict exactly how the Earth will respond to increased levels of greenhouses gases. How quickly greenhouse gases continue to build up in the atmosphere depends in part on the choices we make. [SEP] It is partly
Computer models are used to predict the effects of greenhouse gas increases on climate for the planet as a whole and also for specific regions. If nothing is done to control greenhouse gas emissions and they continue to increase at current rates, the surface temperature of the Earth can be expected to increase between 0.5o C and 2.0o C (0.9o F and 3.6o F) by 2050 and between 2o and 4.5o C (3.5o and 8o F) by 2100, with CO2 levels over 800 parts per million (ppm). Global CO2 emissions are rising rapidly. [SEP] nothing is done to control greenhouse gas emissions and
Computer models are used to predict the effects of greenhouse gas increases on climate for the planet as a whole and also for specific regions. If nothing is done to control greenhouse gas emissions and they continue to increase at current rates, the surface temperature of the Earth can be expected to increase between 0.5o C and 2.0o C (0.9o F and 3.6o F) by 2050 and between 2o and 4.5o C (3.5o and 8o F) by 2100, with CO2 levels over 800 parts per million (ppm). Global CO2 emissions are rising rapidly. [SEP] the surface temperature of the Earth can be expected to increase between 0.5 o C and 2.0 o C -LRB- 0.9 o F and 3.6 o F -RRB- by 2050 and between 2o and 4.5 o C -LRB- 3.5 o and 8o F -RRB- by 2100 , with CO2 levels over 800 parts per million -LRB- ppm -RRB- .
The industrial revolution began about 1850 and industrialization has been ac- celerating. On the other hand, if severe limits on CO2 emissions begin soon, temperatures could rise less than 1.1o C (2o F) by 2100. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] severe limits on CO2 emissions begin soon
The industrial revolution began about 1850 and industrialization has been ac- celerating. On the other hand, if severe limits on CO2 emissions begin soon, temperatures could rise less than 1.1o C (2o F) by 2100. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] temperatures could rise less than 1.1 o C -LRB- 2o F -RRB- by 2100 .
In the developing nations, it will depend on how much their lifestyles improve and how these improvements are made. If nothing is done to decrease the rate of CO2 emissions, by 2030, CO2 emissions are projected to be 63% greater than they were in 2002.  [SEP] nothing is done to decrease the rate of CO2 emissions
In the developing nations, it will depend on how much their lifestyles improve and how these improvements are made. If nothing is done to decrease the rate of CO2 emissions, by 2030, CO2 emissions are projected to be 63% greater than they were in 2002.  [SEP] by 2030 , CO2 emissions are projected to be 63 % greater than they were in 2002 .
The story of Love Canal, New York, begins in the 1950s, when a local chemical company placed hazardous wastes in 55-gallon steel drums and buried them. Love Canal was an abandoned waterway near Niagara Falls and was thought to be a safe site for hazardous waste disposal because the ground was fairly impermeable (Figure 1.1). After burial, the company covered the containers with soil and sold the land to the local school system for $1. [SEP] the ground was fairly impermeable -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
The story of Love Canal, New York, begins in the 1950s, when a local chemical company placed hazardous wastes in 55-gallon steel drums and buried them. Love Canal was an abandoned waterway near Niagara Falls and was thought to be a safe site for hazardous waste disposal because the ground was fairly impermeable (Figure 1.1). After burial, the company covered the containers with soil and sold the land to the local school system for $1. [SEP] Love Canal was an abandoned waterway near Niagara Falls and was thought to be a safe site for hazardous waste disposal
Why do you think children and fetuses are more susceptible? Because young organisms grow more rapidly, they take in more of the toxic chemicals and are more affected.  [SEP] young organisms grow more rapidly
Why do you think children and fetuses are more susceptible? Because young organisms grow more rapidly, they take in more of the toxic chemicals and are more affected.  [SEP] they take in more of the toxic chemicals and are more affected .
The problem of Love Canal was instrumental in the passage of the the Superfund Act in 1980. This law requires companies to be responsible for hazardous chemicals that they put into the environment and to pay to clean up polluted sites, which can often cost hundreds of millions of dollars. Love Canal became a Superfund site in 1983 and as a result, several measures were taken to secure the toxic wastes. [SEP] companies
The problem of Love Canal was instrumental in the passage of the the Superfund Act in 1980. This law requires companies to be responsible for hazardous chemicals that they put into the environment and to pay to clean up polluted sites, which can often cost hundreds of millions of dollars. Love Canal became a Superfund site in 1983 and as a result, several measures were taken to secure the toxic wastes. [SEP] The problem of Love Canal was instrumental in the passage of the the Superfund Act in 1980
This law requires companies to be responsible for hazardous chemicals that they put into the environment and to pay to clean up polluted sites, which can often cost hundreds of millions of dollars. Love Canal became a Superfund site in 1983 and as a result, several measures were taken to secure the toxic wastes. The land was capped so that water could not reach the waste, debris was cleaned from the nearby area, and contaminated soils were removed. [SEP] Love Canal became a Superfund site in 1983
This law requires companies to be responsible for hazardous chemicals that they put into the environment and to pay to clean up polluted sites, which can often cost hundreds of millions of dollars. Love Canal became a Superfund site in 1983 and as a result, several measures were taken to secure the toxic wastes. The land was capped so that water could not reach the waste, debris was cleaned from the nearby area, and contaminated soils were removed. [SEP] several measures were taken to secure the toxic wastes .
Love Canal became a Superfund site in 1983 and as a result, several measures were taken to secure the toxic wastes. The land was capped so that water could not reach the waste, debris was cleaned from the nearby area, and contaminated soils were removed.  [SEP] The land was capped
Love Canal became a Superfund site in 1983 and as a result, several measures were taken to secure the toxic wastes. The land was capped so that water could not reach the waste, debris was cleaned from the nearby area, and contaminated soils were removed.  [SEP] water could not reach the waste , debris was cleaned from the nearby area , and contaminated soils were removed .
Lead was once a common ingredient in gasoline and paint, but it was shown to damage human brains and nervous systems. Since young children are growing rapidly, lead is especially harmful in children under the age of six (Figure 1.2). In the 1970s and 1980s, the United States government passed laws completely banning lead in gasoline and paint. [SEP] young children are growing rapidly
Lead was once a common ingredient in gasoline and paint, but it was shown to damage human brains and nervous systems. Since young children are growing rapidly, lead is especially harmful in children under the age of six (Figure 1.2). In the 1970s and 1980s, the United States government passed laws completely banning lead in gasoline and paint. [SEP] lead is especially harmful in children under the
Homes built before the 1970s may contain lead paint. Paint so old is likely to be peeling and poses a great threat to human health. About 200 children die every year from lead poisoning. [SEP] built before the 1970s may contain lead paint . Paint
Homes built before the 1970s may contain lead paint. Paint so old is likely to be peeling and poses a great threat to human health. About 200 children die every year from lead poisoning. [SEP] old is likely to be peeling and poses a great threat to human health .
 Sometimes the chemicals are not so easily seen as they were at Love Canal. But the impacts can be seen statistically. [SEP] Sometimes the chemicals are not
 Sometimes the chemicals are not so easily seen as they were at Love Canal. But the impacts can be seen statistically. [SEP] easily seen as they were at Love Canal .
A case that was made into a book and movie called A Civil Action involved the community of Woburn, Massachusetts. Groundwater contamination was initially suspected because of an increase in childhood leukemia and other illnesses. As a result of concern by parents, the well water was analyzed and shown to have high levels of TCE (trichloroethylene). [SEP] Groundwater contamination was initially suspected
A case that was made into a book and movie called A Civil Action involved the community of Woburn, Massachusetts. Groundwater contamination was initially suspected because of an increase in childhood leukemia and other illnesses. As a result of concern by parents, the well water was analyzed and shown to have high levels of TCE (trichloroethylene). [SEP] . As a result of concern by parents , the well water was analyzed and shown to have high levels of TCE -LRB- trichloroethylene -RRB-
Groundwater contamination was initially suspected because of an increase in childhood leukemia and other illnesses. As a result of concern by parents, the well water was analyzed and shown to have high levels of TCE (trichloroethylene).  [SEP] concern by parents
Groundwater contamination was initially suspected because of an increase in childhood leukemia and other illnesses. As a result of concern by parents, the well water was analyzed and shown to have high levels of TCE (trichloroethylene).  [SEP] the well water was analyzed and shown to have high levels of TCE -LRB- trichloroethylene -RRB- .
Without an atmo- sphere, Earths temperatures would be frigid at night and scorching during the day. If the 12-year-old in the scenario above asked why, she would find out. Greenhouse gases trap heat in the atmosphere. [SEP] the 12-year-old in the scenario above asked
Without an atmo- sphere, Earths temperatures would be frigid at night and scorching during the day. If the 12-year-old in the scenario above asked why, she would find out. Greenhouse gases trap heat in the atmosphere. [SEP] she would find out .
Earth would be as silent as outer space (explosions in movies about space should be silent). Of course, no insect, bird, or airplane would be able to fly, because there would be no atmosphere to hold it up. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] there would be no atmosphere to hold it up .
Earth would be as silent as outer space (explosions in movies about space should be silent). Of course, no insect, bird, or airplane would be able to fly, because there would be no atmosphere to hold it up. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] Of course , no insect , bird , or airplane would be able to fly
The atmosphere is an important reservoir for water. Chlorophyll indicates the presence of photosynthesizing plants as does the veg- etation index.  [SEP] Chlorophyll
The atmosphere is an important reservoir for water. Chlorophyll indicates the presence of photosynthesizing plants as does the veg- etation index.  [SEP] the presence of photosynthesizing plants as does the veg - etation index
Ozone is a molecule composed of three oxygen atoms, (O3 ). Ozone in the upper atmosphere absorbs high-energy ultraviolet (UV) radiation coming from the Sun. This protects living things on Earths surface from the Suns most harmful rays. [SEP] Ozone in the upper atmosphere
Ozone is a molecule composed of three oxygen atoms, (O3 ). Ozone in the upper atmosphere absorbs high-energy ultraviolet (UV) radiation coming from the Sun. This protects living things on Earths surface from the Suns most harmful rays. [SEP] absorbs high-energy ultraviolet -LRB- UV -RRB- radiation coming from the Sun .
 By creating oxygen and food, plants have made an environment that is favorable for animals. In respiration, animals use oxygen to convert sugar into food energy they can use. [SEP] creating oxygen and food
 By creating oxygen and food, plants have made an environment that is favorable for animals. In respiration, animals use oxygen to convert sugar into food energy they can use. [SEP] , plants have made an environment that is favorable for animals .
Without the atmosphere, Earth would look a lot more like the Moon. Atmospheric gases, especially carbon dioxide (CO2 ) and oxygen (O2 ), are extremely important for living organisms. How does the atmosphere make life possible? [SEP] living organisms
Without the atmosphere, Earth would look a lot more like the Moon. Atmospheric gases, especially carbon dioxide (CO2 ) and oxygen (O2 ), are extremely important for living organisms. How does the atmosphere make life possible? [SEP] Atmospheric gases , especially carbon dioxide -LRB- CO2 -RRB- and oxygen -LRB- O2 -RRB- , are extremely important
The oceans, along with the atmosphere, keep temperatures fairly constant worldwide. While some places on Earth get as cold as -70o C and others as hot as 55o C, the range is only 125o C. On Mercury temperatures go from -180o C to 430o C, a range of 610o C. [SEP] cold as -70 o C and others as hot as 55o C , the range is only 125o C.
The oceans, along with the atmosphere, keep temperatures fairly constant worldwide. While some places on Earth get as cold as -70o C and others as hot as 55o C, the range is only 125o C. On Mercury temperatures go from -180o C to 430o C, a range of 610o C. [SEP] some places on Earth get
At the same latitude, the temperature range is smaller in lands nearer the oceans than away from the oceans. Summer temperatures are not as hot, and winter temperatures are not as cold, because water takes a long time to heat up or cool down.  [SEP] water takes a long time to heat up or cool down .
At the same latitude, the temperature range is smaller in lands nearer the oceans than away from the oceans. Summer temperatures are not as hot, and winter temperatures are not as cold, because water takes a long time to heat up or cool down.  [SEP] Summer temperatures are not as hot , and winter temperatures are not as cold
At the same latitude, the temperature range is smaller in lands nearer the oceans than away from the oceans. Summer temperatures are not as hot, and winter temperatures are not as cold, because water takes a long time to heat up or cool down.  [SEP] hot , and winter temperatures are not as cold
At the same latitude, the temperature range is smaller in lands nearer the oceans than away from the oceans. Summer temperatures are not as hot, and winter temperatures are not as cold, because water takes a long time to heat up or cool down.  [SEP] Summer temperatures are not
The oceans are an essential part of Earths water cycle. Since they cover so much of the planet, most evaporation comes from oceans and most precipitation falls on oceans.  [SEP] they cover so much of the planet
The oceans are an essential part of Earths water cycle. Since they cover so much of the planet, most evaporation comes from oceans and most precipitation falls on oceans.  [SEP] most evaporation comes from oceans and most precipitation falls on oceans .
: More water allows more chemical reactions. Since water participates in both mechan- ical and chemical weathering, more water strongly increases weathering. So how do different climates influence weathering? [SEP] water participates in both mechan - ical and chemical weathering
: More water allows more chemical reactions. Since water participates in both mechan- ical and chemical weathering, more water strongly increases weathering. So how do different climates influence weathering? [SEP] more water strongly increases weathering .
Since water participates in both mechan- ical and chemical weathering, more water strongly increases weathering. So how do different climates influence weathering? A cold, dry climate will produce the lowest rate of weathering. [SEP] Since water participates in both mechan - ical and chemical weathering , more water strongly increases weathering
Since water participates in both mechan- ical and chemical weathering, more water strongly increases weathering. So how do different climates influence weathering? A cold, dry climate will produce the lowest rate of weathering. [SEP] how do different climates influence
The warmer a climate is, the more types of vegetation it will have and the greater the rate of biological weathering (Figure 1.2). This happens because plants and bacteria grow and multiply faster in warmer temperatures.  [SEP] plants and bacteria grow and multiply faster in warmer temperatures .
The warmer a climate is, the more types of vegetation it will have and the greater the rate of biological weathering (Figure 1.2). This happens because plants and bacteria grow and multiply faster in warmer temperatures.  [SEP] This happens
Certain types of rock are very resistant to weathering. Igneous rocks, especially intrusive igneous rocks such as granite, weather slowly because it is hard for water to penetrate them. Other types of rock, such as limestone, are easily weathered because they dissolve in weak acids. [SEP] it is hard for water to penetrate them .
Certain types of rock are very resistant to weathering. Igneous rocks, especially intrusive igneous rocks such as granite, weather slowly because it is hard for water to penetrate them. Other types of rock, such as limestone, are easily weathered because they dissolve in weak acids. [SEP] Igneous rocks , especially intrusive igneous rocks such as granite , weather slowly
Igneous rocks, especially intrusive igneous rocks such as granite, weather slowly because it is hard for water to penetrate them. Other types of rock, such as limestone, are easily weathered because they dissolve in weak acids. Rocks that resist weathering remain at the surface and form ridges or hills. [SEP] they dissolve in weak acids .
Igneous rocks, especially intrusive igneous rocks such as granite, weather slowly because it is hard for water to penetrate them. Other types of rock, such as limestone, are easily weathered because they dissolve in weak acids. Rocks that resist weathering remain at the surface and form ridges or hills. [SEP] Other types of rock , such as limestone , are easily weathered
Figure 1.2 shows the relative sizes of the outer planets and the Sun. These planets are much larger than the inner planets and are made primarily of gases and liquids, so they are also called gas giants. The gas giants are made up primarily of hydrogen and helium, the same elements that make up most of the Sun. [SEP] These planets are much larger than the inner planets and are made primarily of gases and liquids
Figure 1.2 shows the relative sizes of the outer planets and the Sun. These planets are much larger than the inner planets and are made primarily of gases and liquids, so they are also called gas giants. The gas giants are made up primarily of hydrogen and helium, the same elements that make up most of the Sun. [SEP] they are also called gas giants .
Astronomers think that hydrogen and helium gases comprised much of the solar system when it first formed. Since the inner planets didnt have enough mass to hold on to these light gases, their hydrogen and helium floated away into space. The Sun and the massive outer planets had enough gravity to keep hydrogen and helium from drifting away. [SEP] the inner planets didnt have enough mass to hold on to these light gases
Astronomers think that hydrogen and helium gases comprised much of the solar system when it first formed. Since the inner planets didnt have enough mass to hold on to these light gases, their hydrogen and helium floated away into space. The Sun and the massive outer planets had enough gravity to keep hydrogen and helium from drifting away. [SEP] their hydrogen and helium floated away into
 By knowing something about the climate a type of organism lives in now, geologists can use fossils to decipher the climate at the time the fossil was deposited. For example, coal beds form in tropical environments but ancient coal beds are found in Antarctica. [SEP] knowing something about the climate a type of organism lives in now
 By knowing something about the climate a type of organism lives in now, geologists can use fossils to decipher the climate at the time the fossil was deposited. For example, coal beds form in tropical environments but ancient coal beds are found in Antarctica. [SEP] , geologists can use fossils to decipher the climate at the time the fossil was deposited .
 By knowing something about the type of organism the fossil was, geologists can determine whether the region was terrestrial (on land) or marine (underwater) or even if the water was shallow or deep. The rock may give clues to whether the rate of sedimentation was slow or rapid. [SEP] the water was shallow or deep .
 By knowing something about the type of organism the fossil was, geologists can determine whether the region was terrestrial (on land) or marine (underwater) or even if the water was shallow or deep. The rock may give clues to whether the rate of sedimentation was slow or rapid. [SEP] By knowing something about the type of organism the fossil was , geologists can determine whether the region was terrestrial -LRB- on land -RRB- or marine -LRB- underwater -RRB- or even
 By knowing something about the type of organism the fossil was, geologists can determine whether the region was terrestrial (on land) or marine (underwater) or even if the water was shallow or deep. The rock may give clues to whether the rate of sedimentation was slow or rapid. [SEP] knowing something about the type of organism
 By knowing something about the type of organism the fossil was, geologists can determine whether the region was terrestrial (on land) or marine (underwater) or even if the water was shallow or deep. The rock may give clues to whether the rate of sedimentation was slow or rapid. [SEP] the fossil was , geologists can determine whether the region was terrestrial -LRB- on land -RRB- or marine -LRB- underwater -RRB- or even
In general, fossils in older rocks are less similar to modern organisms. We would know very little about the organisms that came before us if there were no fossils. Modern technology has allowed scientists to reconstruct images and learn about the biology of extinct animals like dinosaurs! [SEP] there were no fossils .
In general, fossils in older rocks are less similar to modern organisms. We would know very little about the organisms that came before us if there were no fossils. Modern technology has allowed scientists to reconstruct images and learn about the biology of extinct animals like dinosaurs! [SEP] We would know very little about the organisms that came before us
The residence time of water in a groundwater aquifer can be from minutes to thousands of years. Groundwater is often called fossil water because it has remained in the ground for so long, often since the end of the ice ages. A diagram of groundwater flow through aquifers showing residence times. [SEP] Groundwater is often called fossil water because it has remained in the ground for
The residence time of water in a groundwater aquifer can be from minutes to thousands of years. Groundwater is often called fossil water because it has remained in the ground for so long, often since the end of the ice ages. A diagram of groundwater flow through aquifers showing residence times. [SEP] long , often since the end of the ice ages . A diagram of groundwater flow through aquifers showing residence times
Igneous rocks are called intrusive when they cool and solidify beneath the surface. Intrusive rocks form plutons and so are also called plutonic. A pluton is an igneous intrusive rock body that has cooled in the crust. [SEP] Intrusive rocks form plutons
Igneous rocks are called intrusive when they cool and solidify beneath the surface. Intrusive rocks form plutons and so are also called plutonic. A pluton is an igneous intrusive rock body that has cooled in the crust. [SEP] are also called plutonic .
When magma cools within the Earth, the cooling proceeds slowly. Slow cooling allows time for large crystals to form, so intrusive igneous rocks have visible crystals. Granite is the most common intrusive igneous rock (see Figure 1.1 for an example). [SEP] Slow cooling allows time for large crystals to form
When magma cools within the Earth, the cooling proceeds slowly. Slow cooling allows time for large crystals to form, so intrusive igneous rocks have visible crystals. Granite is the most common intrusive igneous rock (see Figure 1.1 for an example). [SEP] intrusive igneous rocks have visible crystals .
Igneous rocks are called extrusive when they cool and solidify above the surface. These rocks usually form from a volcano, so they are also called volcanic rocks (Figure 1.3). Extrusive igneous rocks cool much more rapidly than intrusive rocks. [SEP] These rocks usually form from a volcano
Igneous rocks are called extrusive when they cool and solidify above the surface. These rocks usually form from a volcano, so they are also called volcanic rocks (Figure 1.3). Extrusive igneous rocks cool much more rapidly than intrusive rocks. [SEP] they are also called volcanic rocks -LRB- Figure 1.3 -RRB- .
Extrusive igneous rocks cool much more rapidly than intrusive rocks. There is little time for crystals to form, so extrusive igneous rocks have tiny crystals (Figure 1.4). Some volcanic rocks have a different texture. [SEP] There is little time for crystals to form
Extrusive igneous rocks cool much more rapidly than intrusive rocks. There is little time for crystals to form, so extrusive igneous rocks have tiny crystals (Figure 1.4). Some volcanic rocks have a different texture. [SEP] extrusive igneous rocks have tiny crystals -LRB- Figure 1.4 -RRB- .
Four are big enough and bright enough to be seen from Earth, using no more than a pair of binoculars. These moons  Io, Europa, Ganymede, and Callisto were first discovered by Galileo in 1610, so they are sometimes referred to as the Galilean moons (Figure 1.4). The Galilean moons are larger than the dwarf planets Pluto, Ceres, and Eris. [SEP] These moons Io , Europa , Ganymede , and Callisto were first discovered by Galileo in 1610
Four are big enough and bright enough to be seen from Earth, using no more than a pair of binoculars. These moons  Io, Europa, Ganymede, and Callisto were first discovered by Galileo in 1610, so they are sometimes referred to as the Galilean moons (Figure 1.4). The Galilean moons are larger than the dwarf planets Pluto, Ceres, and Eris. [SEP] they are sometimes referred to as the Galilean moons -LRB- Figure 1.4 -RRB- .
Ganymede is not only the biggest moon in the solar system; it is even larger than the planet Mercury! Scientists are particularly interested in Europa because it may be a place to find extraterrestrial life. What features might make a satellite so far from the Sun a candidate for life? [SEP] it may be a place to find extraterrestrial life .
Ganymede is not only the biggest moon in the solar system; it is even larger than the planet Mercury! Scientists are particularly interested in Europa because it may be a place to find extraterrestrial life. What features might make a satellite so far from the Sun a candidate for life? [SEP] Scientists are particularly interested in Europa
Europa also has a continual source of energy   it is heated as it is stretched and squashed by tidal forces from Jupiter. Numerous missions have been planned to explore Europa, including plans to drill through the ice and send a probe into the ocean. [SEP] it is stretched and squashed by tidal forces from Jupiter .
Europa also has a continual source of energy   it is heated as it is stretched and squashed by tidal forces from Jupiter. Numerous missions have been planned to explore Europa, including plans to drill through the ice and send a probe into the ocean. [SEP] it is heated
Photos from the Voyager missions showed that Jupiter has a ring system. This ring system is very faint, so it is difficult to observe from Earth. This composite image shows the four Galilean moons and their sizes relative to the Great Red Spot. [SEP] This ring system is very faint
Photos from the Voyager missions showed that Jupiter has a ring system. This ring system is very faint, so it is difficult to observe from Earth. This composite image shows the four Galilean moons and their sizes relative to the Great Red Spot. [SEP] it is difficult to observe from Earth .
Like the other gas giants, it is much less dense than Earth. Because Jupiter is so large, it reflects a lot of sunlight. Jupiter is extremely bright in the night sky; only the Moon and Venus are brighter (Figure 1.1). [SEP] Because Jupiter is
Like the other gas giants, it is much less dense than Earth. Because Jupiter is so large, it reflects a lot of sunlight. Jupiter is extremely bright in the night sky; only the Moon and Venus are brighter (Figure 1.1). [SEP] large , it reflects a lot of sunlight .
Jupiter is extremely bright in the night sky; only the Moon and Venus are brighter (Figure 1.1). This brightness is all the more impressive because Jupiter is quite far from the Earth  5.20 AUs away. It takes Jupiter about 12 Earth years to orbit once around the Sun. [SEP] Jupiter is quite far from the Earth 5.20 AUs away .
Jupiter is extremely bright in the night sky; only the Moon and Venus are brighter (Figure 1.1). This brightness is all the more impressive because Jupiter is quite far from the Earth  5.20 AUs away. It takes Jupiter about 12 Earth years to orbit once around the Sun. [SEP] This brightness is all the more impressive
This storm is more than three times as wide as the entire Earth. Clouds in the storm rotate in a counterclockwise direction, making one complete turn every six days or so. The Great Red Spot has been on Jupiter for at least 300 years, since astronomers could first see the storm through telescopes. [SEP] Clouds in the storm rotate in a counterclockwise direction , making one complete turn every six days or
This storm is more than three times as wide as the entire Earth. Clouds in the storm rotate in a counterclockwise direction, making one complete turn every six days or so. The Great Red Spot has been on Jupiter for at least 300 years, since astronomers could first see the storm through telescopes. [SEP] . The Great Red Spot has been on Jupiter for at least 300 years , since astronomers could first see the storm through telescopes
 Melting glaciers deposit all the big and small bits of rocky material they are carrying in a pile. These unsorted deposits of rock are called glacial till. [SEP] Melting glaciers deposit all the big and small bits of rocky material
 Melting glaciers deposit all the big and small bits of rocky material they are carrying in a pile. These unsorted deposits of rock are called glacial till. [SEP] they are carrying in a pile .
Terminal moraines are long ridges of till left at the furthest point the glacier reached. End moraines are deposited where the glacier stopped for a long enough period to create a rocky ridge as it retreated. Long Island in New York is formed by two end moraines. [SEP] it retreated .
Terminal moraines are long ridges of till left at the furthest point the glacier reached. End moraines are deposited where the glacier stopped for a long enough period to create a rocky ridge as it retreated. Long Island in New York is formed by two end moraines. [SEP] End moraines are deposited where the glacier stopped for a long enough period to create a rocky ridge
Rocks carried by a glacier are eventually dropped. These glacial erratics are noticeable because they are a different rock type from the surrounding bedrock.  [SEP] they are a different rock type from the surrounding bedrock .
Rocks carried by a glacier are eventually dropped. These glacial erratics are noticeable because they are a different rock type from the surrounding bedrock.  [SEP] These glacial erratics are noticeable
Some of the largest, and most beautiful, natural crystals can be found in the Naica mine, in Mexico. These gypsum crystals were formed over thousands of years as groundwater, rich in calcium and sulfur flowed through an underground cave. Check it out: A relatively small sinkhole in a Georgia parking lot. [SEP] groundwater , rich in calcium and sulfur flowed through an underground cave .
Some of the largest, and most beautiful, natural crystals can be found in the Naica mine, in Mexico. These gypsum crystals were formed over thousands of years as groundwater, rich in calcium and sulfur flowed through an underground cave. Check it out: A relatively small sinkhole in a Georgia parking lot. [SEP] These gypsum crystals were formed over thousands of years
 If the roof of a cave collapses, a sinkhole could form. Some sinkholes are large enough to swallow up a home or several homes in a neighborhood (Figure 1.3). [SEP] the roof of a cave collapses
 If the roof of a cave collapses, a sinkhole could form. Some sinkholes are large enough to swallow up a home or several homes in a neighborhood (Figure 1.3). [SEP] a sinkhole could form .
 Working slowly over many years, groundwater travels along small cracks. The water dissolves and carries away the solid rock, gradually enlarging the cracks. [SEP] Working slowly over many years
 Working slowly over many years, groundwater travels along small cracks. The water dissolves and carries away the solid rock, gradually enlarging the cracks. [SEP] groundwater travels along small cracks .
Groundwater is described further in the chapter Water on Earth. Groundwater is a strong erosional force, as it works to dissolve away solid rock (Figure 1.1). Carbonic acid is especially good at dissolving the rock limestone. [SEP] it works to dissolve away solid rock -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
Groundwater is described further in the chapter Water on Earth. Groundwater is a strong erosional force, as it works to dissolve away solid rock (Figure 1.1). Carbonic acid is especially good at dissolving the rock limestone. [SEP] Groundwater is a strong erosional force
Cemented, non-organic sediments become clastic rocks. If organic material is included, they are bioclastic rocks. 2. [SEP] organic material is included
Cemented, non-organic sediments become clastic rocks. If organic material is included, they are bioclastic rocks. 2. [SEP] they are bioclastic rocks .
The receiver measures the time it takes for radio signals to travel from a satellite and then calculates its distance from the satellite using the speed of radio signals. By calculating distances from each of the four satellites the receiver can triangulate to determine its location. You can use a GPS meter to tell you how to get to Old Faithful. [SEP] calculating distances from each of the four satellites
The receiver measures the time it takes for radio signals to travel from a satellite and then calculates its distance from the satellite using the speed of radio signals. By calculating distances from each of the four satellites the receiver can triangulate to determine its location. You can use a GPS meter to tell you how to get to Old Faithful. [SEP] the receiver can triangulate to determine its location .
 Direction is important if you want to go between two places. Directions are expressed as north (N), east (E), south (S), and west (W), with gradations in between. [SEP] you want to go between two places .
 Direction is important if you want to go between two places. Directions are expressed as north (N), east (E), south (S), and west (W), with gradations in between. [SEP] Direction is important
The compass needle aligns itself with the Earths magnetic north pole. Since the magnetic north pole is 11.5 degrees offset from its geographic north pole on the axis of rotation, you must correct for this discrepancy. Map of the Visitor Center at Old Faithful, Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming. [SEP] the magnetic north pole is 11.5 degrees offset from its geographic north pole on the axis of rotation
The compass needle aligns itself with the Earths magnetic north pole. Since the magnetic north pole is 11.5 degrees offset from its geographic north pole on the axis of rotation, you must correct for this discrepancy. Map of the Visitor Center at Old Faithful, Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming. [SEP] you must correct for this discrepancy .
How would you find Old Faithful? One way is by using latitude and longitude. Any location on Earths surface or on a map  can be described using these coordinates. [SEP] using latitude and longitude
How would you find Old Faithful? One way is by using latitude and longitude. Any location on Earths surface or on a map  can be described using these coordinates. [SEP] One way is
 The latitude mentioned above does not locate Old Faithful exactly, since a circle could be drawn that latitude north of the Equator. To locate Old Faithful we need another point - longitude. [SEP] a circle could be drawn that latitude north of the Equator .
 The latitude mentioned above does not locate Old Faithful exactly, since a circle could be drawn that latitude north of the Equator. To locate Old Faithful we need another point - longitude. [SEP] The latitude mentioned above does not locate Old Faithful exactly
A look on a reliable website shows us that Old Faithful Geyser is located at N44o 27 43. What does this mean? Latitude tells the distance north or south of the Equator. [SEP] What does
A look on a reliable website shows us that Old Faithful Geyser is located at N44o 27 43. What does this mean? Latitude tells the distance north or south of the Equator. [SEP] Latitude
In the tilt of Earths axis and orbit over thousands of years. That are sudden and dramatic because of random catastrophic events, such as a large asteroid impact. In greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, caused naturally or by human activities. [SEP] That are sudden and dramatic
In the tilt of Earths axis and orbit over thousands of years. That are sudden and dramatic because of random catastrophic events, such as a large asteroid impact. In greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, caused naturally or by human activities. [SEP] . In greenhouse gases in the atmosphere , caused naturally or by human activities
Massive eruptions of the fluid lavas that create lava plateaus release much more gas and dust, and can change climate for many years. This type of eruption is exceedingly rare; none has occurred since humans have lived on Earth.  [SEP] humans have lived on Earth .
Massive eruptions of the fluid lavas that create lava plateaus release much more gas and dust, and can change climate for many years. This type of eruption is exceedingly rare; none has occurred since humans have lived on Earth.  [SEP] has occurred
The Earth goes through regular variations in its position relative to the Sun: 1. The shape of the Earths orbit changes slightly as it goes around the Sun. The orbit varies from more circular to more elliptical in a cycle lasting between 90,000 and 100,000 years. [SEP] it goes around the Sun .
The Earth goes through regular variations in its position relative to the Sun: 1. The shape of the Earths orbit changes slightly as it goes around the Sun. The orbit varies from more circular to more elliptical in a cycle lasting between 90,000 and 100,000 years. [SEP] The shape of the Earths orbit changes slightly
Since glaciers can form only over land, ice ages only occur when landmasses cover the polar regions. Therefore, Milankovitch cycles are also connected to plate tectonics.  [SEP] Since glaciers can form only over land , ice ages only occur when landmasses cover the polar regions
Since glaciers can form only over land, ice ages only occur when landmasses cover the polar regions. Therefore, Milankovitch cycles are also connected to plate tectonics.  [SEP] Milankovitch cycles are also connected to plate tectonics .
 Since greenhouse gases trap the heat that radiates off the planets surfaces, what would happen to global temperatures if atmospheric greenhouse gas levels decreased? What if greenhouse gases increased? [SEP] greenhouse gases trap the heat that radiates off the planets surfaces
 Since greenhouse gases trap the heat that radiates off the planets surfaces, what would happen to global temperatures if atmospheric greenhouse gas levels decreased? What if greenhouse gases increased? [SEP] what would happen to global temperatures if atmospheric greenhouse gas levels decreased ?
When plants are turned into fossil fuels, the CO2 in their tissue is stored with them. So CO2 is removed from the atmosphere. What does this do to Earths average temperature? [SEP] When plants are turned into fossil fuels , the CO2 in their tissue is stored with them
When plants are turned into fossil fuels, the CO2 in their tissue is stored with them. So CO2 is removed from the atmosphere. What does this do to Earths average temperature? [SEP] CO2 is removed from the atmosphere .
 By combining magnetic polarity data from rocks on land and on the seafloor with radiometric age dating and fossil ages, scientists came up with a time scale for the magnetic reversals. The first four magnetic periods are: Brunhes normal - present to 730,000 years ago. [SEP] combining magnetic polarity data from rocks on land and on the seafloor with radiometric age dating and fossil ages
 By combining magnetic polarity data from rocks on land and on the seafloor with radiometric age dating and fossil ages, scientists came up with a time scale for the magnetic reversals. The first four magnetic periods are: Brunhes normal - present to 730,000 years ago. [SEP] , scientists came up with a time scale for the magnetic reversals .
The scientists suggested that seafloor was being created at the ridge. Since the planet is not getting larger, they suggested that it is destroyed in a relatively short amount of geologic time. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the planet is not getting larger
The scientists suggested that seafloor was being created at the ridge. Since the planet is not getting larger, they suggested that it is destroyed in a relatively short amount of geologic time. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] they suggested that it is destroyed in a relatively short amount of geologic
Only one can be correct. If the continents had remained fixed while the north magnetic pole moved, there must have been two separate north poles. Since there is only one north pole today, what is the best explanation? [SEP] the continents had remained fixed while the north magnetic pole moved
Only one can be correct. If the continents had remained fixed while the north magnetic pole moved, there must have been two separate north poles. Since there is only one north pole today, what is the best explanation? [SEP] there must have been two separate north poles .
If the continents had remained fixed while the north magnetic pole moved, there must have been two separate north poles. Since there is only one north pole today, what is the best explanation? The only reasonable explanation is that the magnetic north pole has remained fixed but that the continents have moved. [SEP] there is only one north pole today
If the continents had remained fixed while the north magnetic pole moved, there must have been two separate north poles. Since there is only one north pole today, what is the best explanation? The only reasonable explanation is that the magnetic north pole has remained fixed but that the continents have moved. [SEP] what is the best
Magnetite crystals are shaped like a tiny bar magnet. As basalt lava cools, the magnetite crystals line up in the magnetic field like tiny magnets. When the lava is completely cooled, the crystals point in the direction of magnetic north pole at the time they form. [SEP] basalt lava cools , the magnetite crystals line up in the magnetic field like tiny magnets .
Magnetite crystals are shaped like a tiny bar magnet. As basalt lava cools, the magnetite crystals line up in the magnetic field like tiny magnets. When the lava is completely cooled, the crystals point in the direction of magnetic north pole at the time they form. [SEP] Magnetite crystals are shaped like a tiny bar magnet .
How do you expect this would help scientists see whether continents had moved or not? As a Wegener supporter, (and someone who is omniscient), you have just learned of a new tool that may help you. A magnetometer is a device capable of measuring the magnetic field intensity. [SEP] a Wegener supporter , -LRB- and someone who is omniscient -RRB- , you have just learned of a new tool that may help you .
How do you expect this would help scientists see whether continents had moved or not? As a Wegener supporter, (and someone who is omniscient), you have just learned of a new tool that may help you. A magnetometer is a device capable of measuring the magnetic field intensity. [SEP] you expect this would help scientists see whether continents had moved or not ?
How does this help you to provide evidence for continental drift? To test the idea that the pole remained fixed but the continents moved, geologists fitted the continents together as Wegener had done. It worked! [SEP] Wegener had done .
How does this help you to provide evidence for continental drift? To test the idea that the pole remained fixed but the continents moved, geologists fitted the continents together as Wegener had done. It worked! [SEP] To test the idea that the pole remained fixed but the continents moved , geologists fitted the continents together
On the left: The apparent north pole for Europe and North America if the continents were always in their current locations. The two paths merge into one if the continents are allowed to drift. This evidence for continental drift gave geologists renewed interest in understanding how continents could move about on the planets surface. [SEP] the continents are allowed to drift .
On the left: The apparent north pole for Europe and North America if the continents were always in their current locations. The two paths merge into one if the continents are allowed to drift. This evidence for continental drift gave geologists renewed interest in understanding how continents could move about on the planets surface. [SEP] The two paths merge into one
The rules of topographic maps are: Each line connects all points of a specific elevation. Contour lines never cross since a single point can only have one elevation. Every fifth contour line is bolded and labeled. [SEP] a single point can only have one elevation .
The rules of topographic maps are: Each line connects all points of a specific elevation. Contour lines never cross since a single point can only have one elevation. Every fifth contour line is bolded and labeled. [SEP] Contour lines never cross
The difference in elevation is the contour interval, which is indicated in the map legend. Scales indicate horizontal distance and are also found on the map legend. Old Faithful erupting, Yellowstone Na- tional Park. [SEP] Scales
The difference in elevation is the contour interval, which is indicated in the map legend. Scales indicate horizontal distance and are also found on the map legend. Old Faithful erupting, Yellowstone Na- tional Park. [SEP] horizontal distance and are also found on the map legend .
Mars is smaller, colder, drier, and appears to have no life, but volcanoes are common to both planets and Mars has many. Mars is easy to observe, so Mars has been studied more thoroughly than any other extraterrestrial planet. Space probes, rovers, and orbiting satellites have all yielded information to planetary geologists. [SEP] Mars is easy to observe
Mars is smaller, colder, drier, and appears to have no life, but volcanoes are common to both planets and Mars has many. Mars is easy to observe, so Mars has been studied more thoroughly than any other extraterrestrial planet. Space probes, rovers, and orbiting satellites have all yielded information to planetary geologists. [SEP] Mars has been studied more thoroughly than any other extraterrestrial planet .
The Martian atmosphere is very thin relative to Earths and has much lower atmospheric pressure. Although the atmosphere is made up mostly of carbon dioxide, the planet has only a weak greenhouse effect, so temperatures are only slightly higher than if the planet had no atmosphere.  [SEP] Although the atmosphere is made up mostly of carbon dioxide , the planet has only a weak greenhouse effect
The Martian atmosphere is very thin relative to Earths and has much lower atmospheric pressure. Although the atmosphere is made up mostly of carbon dioxide, the planet has only a weak greenhouse effect, so temperatures are only slightly higher than if the planet had no atmosphere.  [SEP] temperatures are only slightly higher than if the planet had no atmosphere .
The Martian atmosphere is very thin relative to Earths and has much lower atmospheric pressure. Although the atmosphere is made up mostly of carbon dioxide, the planet has only a weak greenhouse effect, so temperatures are only slightly higher than if the planet had no atmosphere.  [SEP] the planet had no atmosphere .
The Martian atmosphere is very thin relative to Earths and has much lower atmospheric pressure. Although the atmosphere is made up mostly of carbon dioxide, the planet has only a weak greenhouse effect, so temperatures are only slightly higher than if the planet had no atmosphere.  [SEP] temperatures are only slightly higher than
 It was previously believed that water cannot stay in liquid form on Mars because the atmospheric pressure is too low. However, there is a lot of water in the form of ice and even prominent ice caps (Figure 1.4). [SEP] the atmospheric pressure is too low .
 It was previously believed that water cannot stay in liquid form on Mars because the atmospheric pressure is too low. However, there is a lot of water in the form of ice and even prominent ice caps (Figure 1.4). [SEP] It was previously believed that water can not stay in liquid form on Mars
Valles Marineris is 4,000 km (2,500 mi) long, as long as Europe is wide, and one-fifth the circumference of Mars. The canyon is 7 km (4.3 mi) deep. [SEP] long as Europe is wide , and one-fifth the circumference of Mars .
Valles Marineris is 4,000 km (2,500 mi) long, as long as Europe is wide, and one-fifth the circumference of Mars. The canyon is 7 km (4.3 mi) deep. [SEP] Marineris is 4,000 km -LRB- 2,500 mi -RRB- long
In late 2015, NASA confirmed the presence of water on Mars. Scientists think that water once flowed over the Martian surface because there are surface features that look like water-eroded canyons. The presence of water on Mars suggests that it might have been possible for life to exist on Mars in the past. [SEP] there are surface features that look like water-eroded canyons .
In late 2015, NASA confirmed the presence of water on Mars. Scientists think that water once flowed over the Martian surface because there are surface features that look like water-eroded canyons. The presence of water on Mars suggests that it might have been possible for life to exist on Mars in the past. [SEP] Scientists think that water once flowed over the Martian surface
The data are then kept digitally on a computer. If a seismogram records P-waves and surface waves but not S-waves, the seismograph was on the other side of the Earth from the earthquake. The amplitude of the waves can be used to determine the magnitude of the earthquake, which will be discussed in a later section. [SEP] a seismogram records P-waves and surface waves but not S-waves
The data are then kept digitally on a computer. If a seismogram records P-waves and surface waves but not S-waves, the seismograph was on the other side of the Earth from the earthquake. The amplitude of the waves can be used to determine the magnitude of the earthquake, which will be discussed in a later section. [SEP] the seismograph was on the other side of the Earth from the earthquake .
Ice wedging works quickly, breaking apart rocks in areas with temperatures that cycle above and below freezing in the day and night, and also that cycle above and below freezing with the seasons. Ice wedging breaks apart so much rock that large piles of broken rock are seen at the base of a hillside, as rock fragments separate and tumble down. Ice wedging is common in Earths polar regions and mid latitudes, and also at higher elevations, such as in the mountains. [SEP] Ice wedging breaks apart so much
Ice wedging works quickly, breaking apart rocks in areas with temperatures that cycle above and below freezing in the day and night, and also that cycle above and below freezing with the seasons. Ice wedging breaks apart so much rock that large piles of broken rock are seen at the base of a hillside, as rock fragments separate and tumble down. Ice wedging is common in Earths polar regions and mid latitudes, and also at higher elevations, such as in the mountains. [SEP] large piles of broken rock are seen at the base of a hillside , as rock fragments separate and tumble down .
Ice wedging works quickly, breaking apart rocks in areas with temperatures that cycle above and below freezing in the day and night, and also that cycle above and below freezing with the seasons. Ice wedging breaks apart so much rock that large piles of broken rock are seen at the base of a hillside, as rock fragments separate and tumble down. Ice wedging is common in Earths polar regions and mid latitudes, and also at higher elevations, such as in the mountains. [SEP] rock fragments separate and tumble down .
Ice wedging works quickly, breaking apart rocks in areas with temperatures that cycle above and below freezing in the day and night, and also that cycle above and below freezing with the seasons. Ice wedging breaks apart so much rock that large piles of broken rock are seen at the base of a hillside, as rock fragments separate and tumble down. Ice wedging is common in Earths polar regions and mid latitudes, and also at higher elevations, such as in the mountains. [SEP] large piles of broken rock are seen at the base of a hillside
These smaller pieces are just like the bigger rock, but smaller. That means the rock has changed physically without changing its composition. The smaller pieces have the same minerals, in just the same proportions as the original rock. [SEP] These smaller pieces are just like the bigger rock , but smaller
These smaller pieces are just like the bigger rock, but smaller. That means the rock has changed physically without changing its composition. The smaller pieces have the same minerals, in just the same proportions as the original rock. [SEP] the rock
Plants and animals can do the work of mechanical weathering (Figure 1.3). This could happen slowly as a plants roots grow into a crack or fracture in rock and gradually grow larger, wedging open the crack. Burrowing animals can also break apart rock as they dig for food or to make living spaces for themselves. [SEP] a plants roots grow into a crack or fracture in rock and gradually grow larger , wedging open the crack .
Plants and animals can do the work of mechanical weathering (Figure 1.3). This could happen slowly as a plants roots grow into a crack or fracture in rock and gradually grow larger, wedging open the crack. Burrowing animals can also break apart rock as they dig for food or to make living spaces for themselves. [SEP] This could happen slowly
This could happen slowly as a plants roots grow into a crack or fracture in rock and gradually grow larger, wedging open the crack. Burrowing animals can also break apart rock as they dig for food or to make living spaces for themselves.  [SEP] they dig for food or to make living spaces for themselves .
This could happen slowly as a plants roots grow into a crack or fracture in rock and gradually grow larger, wedging open the crack. Burrowing animals can also break apart rock as they dig for food or to make living spaces for themselves.  [SEP] Burrowing animals can also break apart rock
In abrasion, one rock bumps against another rock. Gravity causes abrasion as a rock tumbles down a mountainside or cliff. Moving water causes abrasion as particles in the water collide and bump against one another. [SEP] a rock tumbles down a mountainside or cliff .
In abrasion, one rock bumps against another rock. Gravity causes abrasion as a rock tumbles down a mountainside or cliff. Moving water causes abrasion as particles in the water collide and bump against one another. [SEP] In abrasion , one rock bumps against another rock . Gravity causes abrasion
Gravity causes abrasion as a rock tumbles down a mountainside or cliff. Moving water causes abrasion as particles in the water collide and bump against one another. Strong winds carrying pieces of sand can sandblast surfaces. [SEP] Moving water
Gravity causes abrasion as a rock tumbles down a mountainside or cliff. Moving water causes abrasion as particles in the water collide and bump against one another. Strong winds carrying pieces of sand can sandblast surfaces. [SEP] causes abrasion as particles in the water collide and bump against one another .
Abrasion makes rocks with sharp or jagged edges smooth and round. If you have ever collected beach glass or cobbles from a stream, you have witnessed the work of abrasion (Figure 1.2).  [SEP] you have ever collected beach glass or cobbles from a stream
Abrasion makes rocks with sharp or jagged edges smooth and round. If you have ever collected beach glass or cobbles from a stream, you have witnessed the work of abrasion (Figure 1.2).  [SEP] you have witnessed the work of abrasion -LRB- Figure 1.2 -RRB- .
The smallest planet, Mercury, is the planet closest to the Sun. Because Mercury is so close to the Sun, it is difficult to observe from Earth, even with a telescope. However, the Mariner 10 spacecraft, shown in Figure 1.1, visited Mercury from 1974 to 1975. [SEP] Because Mercury is
The smallest planet, Mercury, is the planet closest to the Sun. Because Mercury is so close to the Sun, it is difficult to observe from Earth, even with a telescope. However, the Mariner 10 spacecraft, shown in Figure 1.1, visited Mercury from 1974 to 1975. [SEP] close to the Sun , it is difficult to observe from Earth , even with a telescope .
However, the Mariner 10 spacecraft, shown in Figure 1.1, visited Mercury from 1974 to 1975. The MESSENGER spacecraft has been studying Mercury in detail since 2005. The craft is currently in orbit around the planet, where it is creating detailed maps. [SEP] 2005 . The craft is currently in orbit around the planet , where it is creating detailed maps
However, the Mariner 10 spacecraft, shown in Figure 1.1, visited Mercury from 1974 to 1975. The MESSENGER spacecraft has been studying Mercury in detail since 2005. The craft is currently in orbit around the planet, where it is creating detailed maps. [SEP] The MESSENGER spacecraft has been studying Mercury in detail
A 2008 image of compiled from a flyby by MESSENGER. As Figure 1.2 shows, the surface of Mercury is covered with craters, like Earths Moon. Ancient impact craters means that for billions of years Mercury hasnt changed much geologically. [SEP] Figure 1.2 shows , the surface of Mercury is covered with craters , like Earths Moon .
A 2008 image of compiled from a flyby by MESSENGER. As Figure 1.2 shows, the surface of Mercury is covered with craters, like Earths Moon. Ancient impact craters means that for billions of years Mercury hasnt changed much geologically. [SEP] A 2008 image of compiled from a flyby by MESSENGER .
 Mercury is close to the Sun, so it can get very hot. However, Mercury has virtually no atmosphere, no water to insulate the surface, and it rotates very slowly. [SEP] Mercury is close to the Sun
 Mercury is close to the Sun, so it can get very hot. However, Mercury has virtually no atmosphere, no water to insulate the surface, and it rotates very slowly. [SEP] it can get very hot .
However, Mercury has virtually no atmosphere, no water to insulate the surface, and it rotates very slowly. For these reasons, temperatures on the surface of Mercury vary widely. In direct sunlight, the surface can be as hot as 427 C (801 F). [SEP] , Mercury has virtually no atmosphere , no water to insulate the surface , and it rotates very slowly
However, Mercury has virtually no atmosphere, no water to insulate the surface, and it rotates very slowly. For these reasons, temperatures on the surface of Mercury vary widely. In direct sunlight, the surface can be as hot as 427 C (801 F). [SEP] temperatures on the surface of Mercury vary widely .
 Mercury is named for the Roman messenger god, who could run extremely quickly, just as the planet moves very quickly in its orbit around the Sun. A year on Mercury  the length of time it takes to orbit the Sun  is just 88 Earth days. [SEP] the planet moves very quickly in its orbit around the Sun .
 Mercury is named for the Roman messenger god, who could run extremely quickly, just as the planet moves very quickly in its orbit around the Sun. A year on Mercury  the length of time it takes to orbit the Sun  is just 88 Earth days. [SEP] Mercury is named for the Roman messenger god , who could run extremely quickly , just
Mercury rotates slowly on its axis, turning exactly three times for every two times it orbits the Sun. Therefore, each day on Mercury is 57 Earth days long. In other words, on Mercury, a year is only a Mercury day and a half long! [SEP] Mercury rotates slowly on its axis , turning exactly three times for every two times it orbits the Sun
Mercury rotates slowly on its axis, turning exactly three times for every two times it orbits the Sun. Therefore, each day on Mercury is 57 Earth days long. In other words, on Mercury, a year is only a Mercury day and a half long! [SEP] each day on Mercury is 57 Earth days long .
Do you know why you are supposed to eat large predatory fish like tuna infrequently? It is because of the bioaccu- mulation of mercury in those species. Some pollutants remain in an organism throughout its life, a phenomenon called bioaccumulation. [SEP] the bioaccu - mulation of mercury in those species
Do you know why you are supposed to eat large predatory fish like tuna infrequently? It is because of the bioaccu- mulation of mercury in those species. Some pollutants remain in an organism throughout its life, a phenomenon called bioaccumulation. [SEP] Do you know why you are supposed to eat large predatory fish like tuna infrequently ?
Can you name one that does not? Aspirin does not bioaccumulate; if it did, a person would quickly accumulate a toxic amount in her body. Compounds that bioaccumulate are usually stored in the organisms fat. [SEP] it did
Can you name one that does not? Aspirin does not bioaccumulate; if it did, a person would quickly accumulate a toxic amount in her body. Compounds that bioaccumulate are usually stored in the organisms fat. [SEP] a person would quickly accumulate a toxic amount in her body .
The red region shows the effect of industrial- ization on atmospheric mercury. So tuna pose a health hazard to anything that eats them because their bodies are so high in mercury. This is why the government recommends limits on the amount of tuna that people eat. [SEP] The red region shows the effect of industrial - ization on atmospheric mercury
The red region shows the effect of industrial- ization on atmospheric mercury. So tuna pose a health hazard to anything that eats them because their bodies are so high in mercury. This is why the government recommends limits on the amount of tuna that people eat. [SEP] tuna pose a health hazard to anything that eats them because their bodies are so high in mercury .
So tuna pose a health hazard to anything that eats them because their bodies are so high in mercury. This is why the government recommends limits on the amount of tuna that people eat. Limiting intake of large predatory fish is especially important for children and pregnant women. [SEP] So tuna pose a health hazard to anything that eats them because their bodies are so high in mercury
So tuna pose a health hazard to anything that eats them because their bodies are so high in mercury. This is why the government recommends limits on the amount of tuna that people eat. Limiting intake of large predatory fish is especially important for children and pregnant women. [SEP] the government recommends limits on the amount of tuna that people eat .
Limiting intake of large predatory fish is especially important for children and pregnant women. If the mercury just stayed in a persons fat, it would not be harmful, but that fat is used when a woman is pregnant or nursing a baby. A person will also get the mercury into her system when she (or he) burns the fat while losing weight. [SEP] the mercury just stayed in a persons fat
Limiting intake of large predatory fish is especially important for children and pregnant women. If the mercury just stayed in a persons fat, it would not be harmful, but that fat is used when a woman is pregnant or nursing a baby. A person will also get the mercury into her system when she (or he) burns the fat while losing weight. [SEP] it would not be harmful , but that fat is used when a woman is pregnant or nursing a baby
The phrase mad as a hatter was common when Lewis Carroll wrote his Alice in Wonderland stories. It was based on symptoms suffered by hatters who were exposed to mercury and experienced mercury poisoning while using the metal to make hats (Figure 1.3). Like mercury, other metals and VOCS can bioaccumulate, causing harm to animals and people high on the food chain. [SEP] symptoms suffered by hatters who were exposed to mercury and experienced mercury poisoning while using the metal to make hats -LRB- Figure 1.3 -RRB-
The phrase mad as a hatter was common when Lewis Carroll wrote his Alice in Wonderland stories. It was based on symptoms suffered by hatters who were exposed to mercury and experienced mercury poisoning while using the metal to make hats (Figure 1.3). Like mercury, other metals and VOCS can bioaccumulate, causing harm to animals and people high on the food chain. [SEP] It
Temperatures in the mesosphere decrease with altitude. Because there are few gas molecules in the mesosphere to absorb the Suns radiation, the heat source is the stratosphere below. The mesosphere is extremely cold, especially at its top, about -90o [SEP] there are few gas molecules in the mesosphere to absorb the Suns radiation
Temperatures in the mesosphere decrease with altitude. Because there are few gas molecules in the mesosphere to absorb the Suns radiation, the heat source is the stratosphere below. The mesosphere is extremely cold, especially at its top, about -90o [SEP] the heat source is the stratosphere below .
99.9% of the mass of the atmosphere is below the mesosphere. As a result, air pressure is very low (Figure 1.1). A person traveling through the mesosphere would experience severe burns from ultraviolet light since the ozone layer, which provides UV protection, is in the stratosphere below. [SEP] 99.9 % of the mass of the atmosphere is below the mesosphere
99.9% of the mass of the atmosphere is below the mesosphere. As a result, air pressure is very low (Figure 1.1). A person traveling through the mesosphere would experience severe burns from ultraviolet light since the ozone layer, which provides UV protection, is in the stratosphere below. [SEP] air pressure is very low -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
As a result, air pressure is very low (Figure 1.1). A person traveling through the mesosphere would experience severe burns from ultraviolet light since the ozone layer, which provides UV protection, is in the stratosphere below. There would be almost no oxygen for breathing. [SEP] the ozone layer , which provides UV protection , is in the stratosphere below .
As a result, air pressure is very low (Figure 1.1). A person traveling through the mesosphere would experience severe burns from ultraviolet light since the ozone layer, which provides UV protection, is in the stratosphere below. There would be almost no oxygen for breathing. [SEP] A person traveling through the mesosphere would experience severe burns from ultraviolet light
Contact metamorphism: Changes in a rock that is in contact with magma. The changes occur because of the magmas extreme heat. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] The changes occur
Contact metamorphism: Changes in a rock that is in contact with magma. The changes occur because of the magmas extreme heat. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] . Click image to the left or use the URL below
 Extreme pressure may also lead to foliation, the flat layers that form in rocks as the rocks are squeezed by pressure (Figure 1.1). Foliation normally forms when pressure is exerted in only one direction. [SEP] the rocks are squeezed by pressure -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
 Extreme pressure may also lead to foliation, the flat layers that form in rocks as the rocks are squeezed by pressure (Figure 1.1). Foliation normally forms when pressure is exerted in only one direction. [SEP] Extreme pressure may also lead to foliation , the flat layers that form in rocks
All that is needed is enough heat and/or pressure to alter the existing rocks physical or chemical makeup without melting the rock entirely. Rocks change during metamorphism because the minerals need to be stable under the new temperature and pressure conditions. The need for stability may cause the structure of minerals to rearrange and form new minerals. [SEP] the minerals need to be stable under the new temperature and pressure conditions .
All that is needed is enough heat and/or pressure to alter the existing rocks physical or chemical makeup without melting the rock entirely. Rocks change during metamorphism because the minerals need to be stable under the new temperature and pressure conditions. The need for stability may cause the structure of minerals to rearrange and form new minerals. [SEP] Rocks change during metamorphism
Although most meteors burn up in the atmosphere, larger meteoroids may strike the Earths surface to create a meteorite. Meteorites are valuable to scientists because they provide clues about our solar system. Many meteorites are from asteroids that formed when the solar system formed (Figure 1.2). [SEP] they provide clues about our solar system .
Although most meteors burn up in the atmosphere, larger meteoroids may strike the Earths surface to create a meteorite. Meteorites are valuable to scientists because they provide clues about our solar system. Many meteorites are from asteroids that formed when the solar system formed (Figure 1.2). [SEP] Meteorites are valuable to scientists
A meteor, such as in Figure 1.1, is a streak of light across the sky. People call them shooting stars but they are actually small pieces of matter burning up as they enter Earths atmosphere from space. Meteors are called meteoroids before they reach Earths atmosphere. [SEP] they enter Earths atmosphere from space .
A meteor, such as in Figure 1.1, is a streak of light across the sky. People call them shooting stars but they are actually small pieces of matter burning up as they enter Earths atmosphere from space. Meteors are called meteoroids before they reach Earths atmosphere. [SEP] People call them shooting stars but they are actually small pieces of matter burning up
 Although it is difficult to know what the shape of the Milky Way Galaxy is because we are inside of it, astronomers have identified it as a typical spiral galaxy containing about 200 billion to 400 billion stars (Figure 1.1). An artists rendition of what astronomers think the Milky Way Galaxy would look like seen from above. [SEP] we are inside of it
 Although it is difficult to know what the shape of the Milky Way Galaxy is because we are inside of it, astronomers have identified it as a typical spiral galaxy containing about 200 billion to 400 billion stars (Figure 1.1). An artists rendition of what astronomers think the Milky Way Galaxy would look like seen from above. [SEP] astronomers have identified it as a typical spiral galaxy containing about 200 billion to 400 billion stars -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
The Milky Way Galaxy is a big place. If our solar system were the size of your fist, the Galaxys disk would still be An infrared image of the Milky Way shows the long thin line of stars and the central bulge typical of spiral galaxies. wider than the entire United States! [SEP] our solar system were the size of your fist
The Milky Way Galaxy is a big place. If our solar system were the size of your fist, the Galaxys disk would still be An infrared image of the Milky Way shows the long thin line of stars and the central bulge typical of spiral galaxies. wider than the entire United States! [SEP] the Galaxys disk would still be An infrared image of the Milky Way shows the long thin line of stars and the central bulge typical of spiral galaxies
The Milky Way is made of millions of stars along with a lot of gas and dust. It looks different from other galaxies because we are looking at the main disk from within the galaxy. Astronomers estimate that the Milky Way contains 200 to 400 billion stars. [SEP] we are looking at the main disk from within the galaxy .
The Milky Way is made of millions of stars along with a lot of gas and dust. It looks different from other galaxies because we are looking at the main disk from within the galaxy. Astronomers estimate that the Milky Way contains 200 to 400 billion stars. [SEP] It looks different from other galaxies
Earths landscape is extremely varied, with mountains, valleys, plains and hills. This landscape is always changing as plate tectonics builds new features and weathering and erosion destroys them. The landscape of the Moon is very different. [SEP] plate tectonics builds new features and weathering and erosion destroys them .
Earths landscape is extremely varied, with mountains, valleys, plains and hills. This landscape is always changing as plate tectonics builds new features and weathering and erosion destroys them. The landscape of the Moon is very different. [SEP] This landscape is always changing
Lunar surface features include the bowl-shaped craters that are caused by meteorite impacts (Figure 1.2). If Earth did not have plate tectonics or erosion, its surface would also be covered with meteorite craters. Even from Earth, the Moon has visible dark areas and light areas. [SEP] Earth did not have plate tectonics or erosion
Lunar surface features include the bowl-shaped craters that are caused by meteorite impacts (Figure 1.2). If Earth did not have plate tectonics or erosion, its surface would also be covered with meteorite craters. Even from Earth, the Moon has visible dark areas and light areas. [SEP] its surface would also be covered with meteorite craters .
Even from Earth, the Moon has visible dark areas and light areas. The dark areas are called maria, which means seas because thats what the ancients thought they were. In fact, the maria are not water but solid, flat areas of basaltic lava. [SEP] thats what the ancients thought they
Even from Earth, the Moon has visible dark areas and light areas. The dark areas are called maria, which means seas because thats what the ancients thought they were. In fact, the maria are not water but solid, flat areas of basaltic lava. [SEP] The dark areas are called maria , which means seas
From about 3.0 to 3.5 billion years ago the Moon was continually bombarded by meteorites. Some of these meteorites were so large that they broke through the Moons newly formed surface. Then, magma flowed out and filled the craters. [SEP] Some of these meteorites were so large
From about 3.0 to 3.5 billion years ago the Moon was continually bombarded by meteorites. Some of these meteorites were so large that they broke through the Moons newly formed surface. Then, magma flowed out and filled the craters. [SEP] they broke through the Moons newly formed surface .
The Moon is Earths only natural satellite, a body that moves around a larger body in space. The Moon orbits Earth for the same reason Earth orbits the Sun  gravity. The Moon is 3,476 km in diameter, about one-fourth the size of Earth. [SEP] Moon is Earths only natural satellite , a body that moves around a larger body in space . The Moon orbits Earth
The Moon is Earths only natural satellite, a body that moves around a larger body in space. The Moon orbits Earth for the same reason Earth orbits the Sun  gravity. The Moon is 3,476 km in diameter, about one-fourth the size of Earth. [SEP] Earth orbits the Sun gravity .
The Moon is 3,476 km in diameter, about one-fourth the size of Earth. The satellite is also not as dense as the Earth; gravity on the Moon is only one-sixth as strong as it is on Earth. An astronaut can jump six times as high on the Moon as on Earth! [SEP] dense as the Earth ; gravity on the Moon is only one-sixth as strong as it is on
The Moon is 3,476 km in diameter, about one-fourth the size of Earth. The satellite is also not as dense as the Earth; gravity on the Moon is only one-sixth as strong as it is on Earth. An astronaut can jump six times as high on the Moon as on Earth! [SEP] The satellite is also not
The Moon also rotates on its axis once every 27.3 days. Do you know what this means? The same side of the Moon always faces Earth, so that side of the Moon is what we always see in the night sky (Figure 1.1). [SEP] Do you know what
The Moon also rotates on its axis once every 27.3 days. Do you know what this means? The same side of the Moon always faces Earth, so that side of the Moon is what we always see in the night sky (Figure 1.1). [SEP] The same side of the Moon
Do you know what this means? The same side of the Moon always faces Earth, so that side of the Moon is what we always see in the night sky (Figure 1.1). The Moon makes no light of its own, but instead only reflects light from the Sun. [SEP] The same side of the Moon always faces Earth ,
Do you know what this means? The same side of the Moon always faces Earth, so that side of the Moon is what we always see in the night sky (Figure 1.1). The Moon makes no light of its own, but instead only reflects light from the Sun. [SEP] side of the Moon is what we always see in the night sky -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
Processing natural gas removes almost everything except the methane. Once the gas is processed, it is ready to be delivered and used. Natural gas is delivered to homes for uses such as cooking and heating. [SEP] the gas is processed
Processing natural gas removes almost everything except the methane. Once the gas is processed, it is ready to be delivered and used. Natural gas is delivered to homes for uses such as cooking and heating. [SEP] it is ready to be delivered and used .
Natural gas burns much cleaner than other fossil fuels, meaning that it causes less air pollution. Natural gas also produces less carbon dioxide than other fossil fuels do for the same amount of energy, so its global warming effects are less (Figure 1.2). Unfortunately, drilling for natural gas can be environmentally destructive. [SEP] Natural gas also produces less carbon dioxide than other fossil fuels do for the same amount of energy
Natural gas burns much cleaner than other fossil fuels, meaning that it causes less air pollution. Natural gas also produces less carbon dioxide than other fossil fuels do for the same amount of energy, so its global warming effects are less (Figure 1.2). Unfortunately, drilling for natural gas can be environmentally destructive. [SEP] its global warming effects are less -LRB- Figure 1.2 -RRB- .
The fluids may get into groundwater or may runoff into streams and other surface waters. As noted above, fracking may cause earthquakes. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] noted above , fracking may cause earthquakes .
The fluids may get into groundwater or may runoff into streams and other surface waters. As noted above, fracking may cause earthquakes. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] The fluids may get into groundwater or may runoff into streams and other surface waters .
People are researching ways to find renewable alternatives to non-renewable resources. Here is a checklist of ways to conserve resources: Buy less stuff (use items as long as you can, and ask yourself if you really need something new). Reduce excess packaging (drink tap water instead of water from plastic bottles). [SEP] you really need something new
People are researching ways to find renewable alternatives to non-renewable resources. Here is a checklist of ways to conserve resources: Buy less stuff (use items as long as you can, and ask yourself if you really need something new). Reduce excess packaging (drink tap water instead of water from plastic bottles). [SEP] Here is a checklist of ways to conserve resources : Buy less stuff -LRB- use items as long as you can , and ask yourself
Purchase products made from recycled materials. Reduce pollution so that resources are maintained. Prevent soil erosion. [SEP] Reduce pollution
Purchase products made from recycled materials. Reduce pollution so that resources are maintained. Prevent soil erosion. [SEP] resources are maintained .
 Neptunes blue color is mostly because of frozen methane (CH4 ). When Voyager 2 visited Neptune in 1986, there was a large dark-blue spot, which scientists named the Great Dark Spot, south of the equator. [SEP] Neptunes blue color is mostly
 Neptunes blue color is mostly because of frozen methane (CH4 ). When Voyager 2 visited Neptune in 1986, there was a large dark-blue spot, which scientists named the Great Dark Spot, south of the equator. [SEP] . When Voyager 2 visited Neptune in 1986 , there was a large dark-blue spot , which scientists named the Great Dark Spot , south of the equator
The winds on Neptune are stronger than on any other planet in the solar system, reaching speeds of 1,100 km/h (700 mi/h), close to the speed of sound. This extreme weather surprised astronomers, since the planet receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems. Neptunes core is 7000 C (12,632 C) which means that it produces more energy than it receives from the Sun. [SEP] the planet receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems .
The winds on Neptune are stronger than on any other planet in the solar system, reaching speeds of 1,100 km/h (700 mi/h), close to the speed of sound. This extreme weather surprised astronomers, since the planet receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems. Neptunes core is 7000 C (12,632 C) which means that it produces more energy than it receives from the Sun. [SEP] This extreme weather surprised astronomers
Triton orbits in the direction opposite to the orbit of Neptune. Scientists think Triton did not form around Neptune, but instead was captured by Neptunes gravity as it passed by. This image of Triton, Neptunes largest moon, was taken by Voyager 2 in 1989. [SEP] it passed by .
Triton orbits in the direction opposite to the orbit of Neptune. Scientists think Triton did not form around Neptune, but instead was captured by Neptunes gravity as it passed by. This image of Triton, Neptunes largest moon, was taken by Voyager 2 in 1989. [SEP] Scientists think Triton did not form around Neptune , but instead was captured by Neptunes gravity
Neptune, shown in Figure 1.1, is the only major planet that cant be seen from Earth without a telescope. Scientists predicted the existence of Neptune before it was discovered because Uranus did not always appear exactly where it should appear. They knew that the gravitational pull of another planet beyond Uranus must be affecting Uranus orbit. [SEP] Uranus did not always appear exactly where it should appear .
Neptune, shown in Figure 1.1, is the only major planet that cant be seen from Earth without a telescope. Scientists predicted the existence of Neptune before it was discovered because Uranus did not always appear exactly where it should appear. They knew that the gravitational pull of another planet beyond Uranus must be affecting Uranus orbit. [SEP] Scientists predicted the existence of Neptune before it was discovered
They knew that the gravitational pull of another planet beyond Uranus must be affecting Uranus orbit. Neptune was discovered in 1846, in the position that had been predicted, and it was named Neptune for the Roman god of the sea because of its bluish color. This image of Neptune was taken by Voy- ager 2 in 1989. [SEP] Neptune was discovered in 1846 , in the position that had been predicted , and it was named Neptune for the Roman god of the sea
They knew that the gravitational pull of another planet beyond Uranus must be affecting Uranus orbit. Neptune was discovered in 1846, in the position that had been predicted, and it was named Neptune for the Roman god of the sea because of its bluish color. This image of Neptune was taken by Voy- ager 2 in 1989. [SEP] . This image of Neptune was taken by Voy - ager 2 in 1989
This image of Neptune was taken by Voy- ager 2 in 1989. The Great Dark Spot seen on the left center in the picture has since disappeared, but a similar dark spot has appeared on another part of the planet. In many respects, Neptune is similar to Uranus (Figure 1.2). [SEP] disappeared , but a similar dark spot has appeared on another part of the planet .
This image of Neptune was taken by Voy- ager 2 in 1989. The Great Dark Spot seen on the left center in the picture has since disappeared, but a similar dark spot has appeared on another part of the planet. In many respects, Neptune is similar to Uranus (Figure 1.2). [SEP] The Great Dark Spot seen on the left center in the picture has
A natural resource is anything people can use that comes from nature. Energy resources are some of the most important natural resources because everything we do requires energy. Nonrenewable energy resources include fossil fuels such as oil and the radioactive element uranium. [SEP] everything we do requires energy .
A natural resource is anything people can use that comes from nature. Energy resources are some of the most important natural resources because everything we do requires energy. Nonrenewable energy resources include fossil fuels such as oil and the radioactive element uranium. [SEP] Energy resources are some of the most important natural resources
When ancient plants underwent photosynthesis, they changed energy in sunlight to stored chemical energy in food. The plants used the food and so did the organisms that ate the plants. After the plants and other organisms died, their remains gradually changed to fossil fuels as they were covered and compressed by layers of sediments. [SEP] The plants used the food
When ancient plants underwent photosynthesis, they changed energy in sunlight to stored chemical energy in food. The plants used the food and so did the organisms that ate the plants. After the plants and other organisms died, their remains gradually changed to fossil fuels as they were covered and compressed by layers of sediments. [SEP] did the organisms that ate the plants .
The plants used the food and so did the organisms that ate the plants. After the plants and other organisms died, their remains gradually changed to fossil fuels as they were covered and compressed by layers of sediments. Petroleum and natural gas formed from ocean organisms and are found together. [SEP] they were covered and compressed by layers of sediments .
The plants used the food and so did the organisms that ate the plants. After the plants and other organisms died, their remains gradually changed to fossil fuels as they were covered and compressed by layers of sediments. Petroleum and natural gas formed from ocean organisms and are found together. [SEP] After the plants and other organisms died , their remains gradually changed to fossil fuels
Natural gas produces much less pollution and carbon dioxide when it burns than gasoline does. So a natural gas vehicle would contribute less to global climate change, acid rain, and air pollution that harms health. Besides being better for the environment, burning natural gas instead of gasoline results in less engine wear and provides more energy for a given amount of fuel. [SEP] Natural gas produces much less pollution and carbon dioxide when it burns than gasoline does
Natural gas produces much less pollution and carbon dioxide when it burns than gasoline does. So a natural gas vehicle would contribute less to global climate change, acid rain, and air pollution that harms health. Besides being better for the environment, burning natural gas instead of gasoline results in less engine wear and provides more energy for a given amount of fuel. [SEP] a natural gas vehicle would contribute less to global climate change , acid rain , and air pollution that harms health .
The process of splitting atoms creates radioactive waste, which remains dangerous for thousands or hundreds of thousands of years. As yet, there is no long-term solution for storing this waste. The development of nuclear power plants has been on hold for three decades. [SEP] storing this waste
The process of splitting atoms creates radioactive waste, which remains dangerous for thousands or hundreds of thousands of years. As yet, there is no long-term solution for storing this waste. The development of nuclear power plants has been on hold for three decades. [SEP] As yet , there is no long-term solution
Accidents at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl, Ukraine verified peoples worst fears about the dangers of harnessing nuclear power (Figure 1.4). Recently, nuclear power appeared to be making a comeback as society looked for alternatives to fossil fuels. After all, nuclear power emits no pollutants, including no greenhouse gases. [SEP] society looked for alternatives to fossil fuels .
Accidents at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl, Ukraine verified peoples worst fears about the dangers of harnessing nuclear power (Figure 1.4). Recently, nuclear power appeared to be making a comeback as society looked for alternatives to fossil fuels. After all, nuclear power emits no pollutants, including no greenhouse gases. [SEP] Recently , nuclear power appeared to be making a comeback
When the nucleus of an atom is split, it releases a huge amount of energy called nuclear energy. For nuclear energy to be used as a power source, scientists and engineers have learned to split nuclei and to control the release of energy (Figure 1.1).  [SEP] a power source , scientists and engineers have learned to split nuclei and to control the release of energy -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
When the nucleus of an atom is split, it releases a huge amount of energy called nuclear energy. For nuclear energy to be used as a power source, scientists and engineers have learned to split nuclei and to control the release of energy (Figure 1.1).  [SEP] When the nucleus of an atom is split , it releases a huge amount of energy called nuclear energy . For nuclear energy to be used
The energy cost of an energy resource increases when the easy deposits of that resource have already been consumed. For example, if all the nearshore petroleum in a region has been extracted, more costly drilling must take place further offshore (Figure 1.1). If the energy cost of obtaining energy increases, the resource will be used even faster. [SEP] all the nearshore petroleum in a region has been extracted
The energy cost of an energy resource increases when the easy deposits of that resource have already been consumed. For example, if all the nearshore petroleum in a region has been extracted, more costly drilling must take place further offshore (Figure 1.1). If the energy cost of obtaining energy increases, the resource will be used even faster. [SEP] more costly drilling must take place further offshore -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
The net-energy ratio demonstrates the difference between the amount of energy available in a resource and the amount of energy used to get it. If it takes 8 units of energy to make available 10 units of energy, then the net-energy ratio is 10/8 or 1.25. What does a net-energy ratio larger than 1 mean? [SEP] it takes 8 units of energy to make available 10 units of energy
The net-energy ratio demonstrates the difference between the amount of energy available in a resource and the amount of energy used to get it. If it takes 8 units of energy to make available 10 units of energy, then the net-energy ratio is 10/8 or 1.25. What does a net-energy ratio larger than 1 mean? [SEP] then the net-energy ratio is 10/8 or 1.25 .
Energy Source Solar Energy Natural Gas Petroleum Coal-fired Electricity Net-energy Ratio 5.8 4.9 4.5 2.5-5.1 Notice from the table that solar energy yields much more net energy than other sources. This is because it takes very little energy to get usable solar energy. Sunshine is abundant and does not need to be found, extracted, or transported very far. [SEP] it takes very little energy to get usable solar energy .
Energy Source Solar Energy Natural Gas Petroleum Coal-fired Electricity Net-energy Ratio 5.8 4.9 4.5 2.5-5.1 Notice from the table that solar energy yields much more net energy than other sources. This is because it takes very little energy to get usable solar energy. Sunshine is abundant and does not need to be found, extracted, or transported very far. [SEP] Energy Source Solar Energy Natural Gas Petroleum Coal-fired Electricity Net-energy Ratio 5.8 4.9 4.5 2.5-5 .1 Notice from the table that solar energy yields much more net energy than other sources
Sunshine is abundant and does not need to be found, extracted, or transported very far. The range for coal-fired electricity is because of the differing costs of transporting the coal. What does this suggest about using coal to generate electricity? [SEP] The range for coal-fired electricity is
Sunshine is abundant and does not need to be found, extracted, or transported very far. The range for coal-fired electricity is because of the differing costs of transporting the coal. What does this suggest about using coal to generate electricity? [SEP] . What does this suggest about using coal to generate
The coal must be located, extracted, refined, and transported. Because so much of the energy we use is from fossil fuels, we need to be especially concerned about using them efficiently. Sometimes our choices affect energy efficiency. [SEP] coal must be located , extracted , refined , and transported . Because
The coal must be located, extracted, refined, and transported. Because so much of the energy we use is from fossil fuels, we need to be especially concerned about using them efficiently. Sometimes our choices affect energy efficiency. [SEP] much of the energy we use is from fossil fuels , we need to be especially concerned about using them efficiently .
 Hydrothermal vents are among the most unusual ecosystems on Earth since they are dependent on chemosynthetic organisms at the base of the food web. At mid-ocean ridges at hydrothermal vents, bacteria that use chemosyn- thesis for food energy are the base of a unique ecosystem (Figure 1.5). [SEP] they are dependent on chemosynthetic organisms at the base of the food web .
 Hydrothermal vents are among the most unusual ecosystems on Earth since they are dependent on chemosynthetic organisms at the base of the food web. At mid-ocean ridges at hydrothermal vents, bacteria that use chemosyn- thesis for food energy are the base of a unique ecosystem (Figure 1.5). [SEP] Hydrothermal vents are among the most unusual ecosystems on Earth
The open ocean is a vast area. Food either washes down from the land or is created by photosynthesizing plankton. Zooplankton and larger animals feed on the phytoplankton and on each other. [SEP] photosynthesizing plankton
The open ocean is a vast area. Food either washes down from the land or is created by photosynthesizing plankton. Zooplankton and larger animals feed on the phytoplankton and on each other. [SEP] Food either washes down from the land or is created
The few species that live in the greatest depths are very specialized (Figure 1.4). Since its rare to find a meal, the fish use very little energy; they move very little, breathe slowly, have minimal bone structure and a slow metabolism. These fish are very small. [SEP] its rare to find a
The few species that live in the greatest depths are very specialized (Figure 1.4). Since its rare to find a meal, the fish use very little energy; they move very little, breathe slowly, have minimal bone structure and a slow metabolism. These fish are very small. [SEP] the fish use very little energy ; they move very little , breathe slowly , have minimal bone structure and a slow metabolism .
Remember that hot spots create volcanoes on the seafloor. If these volcanoes rise above sea level to become islands, and if they occur in tropical waters, coral reefs will form on them. Since the volcanoes are cones, the reef forms in a circle around the volcano. [SEP] they occur in tropical waters
Remember that hot spots create volcanoes on the seafloor. If these volcanoes rise above sea level to become islands, and if they occur in tropical waters, coral reefs will form on them. Since the volcanoes are cones, the reef forms in a circle around the volcano. [SEP] coral reefs will form on them .
If these volcanoes rise above sea level to become islands, and if they occur in tropical waters, coral reefs will form on them. Since the volcanoes are cones, the reef forms in a circle around the volcano. As the volcano comes off the hot spot, the crust cools. [SEP] the volcanoes are cones
If these volcanoes rise above sea level to become islands, and if they occur in tropical waters, coral reefs will form on them. Since the volcanoes are cones, the reef forms in a circle around the volcano. As the volcano comes off the hot spot, the crust cools. [SEP] the reef forms in a circle around the volcano .
Since the volcanoes are cones, the reef forms in a circle around the volcano. As the volcano comes off the hot spot, the crust cools. The volcano subsides and then begins to erode away [SEP] the volcano comes off the hot spot , the crust cools .
Since the volcanoes are cones, the reef forms in a circle around the volcano. As the volcano comes off the hot spot, the crust cools. The volcano subsides and then begins to erode away [SEP] Since the volcanoes are cones , the reef forms in a circle around the volcano .
 Conditions in the intertidal zone change rapidly as water covers and uncovers the region and waves pound on the rocks. A great abundance of life is found in the intertidal zone (Figure 1.1). [SEP] water covers and uncovers the region and waves pound on the rocks .
 Conditions in the intertidal zone change rapidly as water covers and uncovers the region and waves pound on the rocks. A great abundance of life is found in the intertidal zone (Figure 1.1). [SEP] Conditions in the intertidal zone change rapidly
A great abundance of life is found in the intertidal zone (Figure 1.1). High energy waves hit the organisms that live in this zone, so they must be adapted to pounding waves and exposure to air during low tides. Hard shells protect from waves and also protect against drying out when the animal is above water. [SEP] High energy waves hit the organisms that live in this zone
A great abundance of life is found in the intertidal zone (Figure 1.1). High energy waves hit the organisms that live in this zone, so they must be adapted to pounding waves and exposure to air during low tides. Hard shells protect from waves and also protect against drying out when the animal is above water. [SEP] they must be adapted to pounding waves and exposure to air during low tides .
In a tide pool, as in the photo, what organisms are found where and what specific adaptations do they have to that zone? The mussels on the top left have hard shells for protection and to prevent drying because they are often not covered by water. The sea anemones in the lower right are more often submerged and have strong attachments but can close during low tides. [SEP] they are often not covered by water .
In a tide pool, as in the photo, what organisms are found where and what specific adaptations do they have to that zone? The mussels on the top left have hard shells for protection and to prevent drying because they are often not covered by water. The sea anemones in the lower right are more often submerged and have strong attachments but can close during low tides. [SEP] The mussels on the top left have hard shells for protection and to prevent drying
The sea anemones in the lower right are more often submerged and have strong attachments but can close during low tides. Many young organisms get their start in estuaries and so they must be adapted to rapid shifts in salinity. Organisms in a tide pool include sea stars and sea urchins. [SEP] Many young organisms get their start in estuaries
The sea anemones in the lower right are more often submerged and have strong attachments but can close during low tides. Many young organisms get their start in estuaries and so they must be adapted to rapid shifts in salinity. Organisms in a tide pool include sea stars and sea urchins. [SEP] they must be adapted to rapid shifts in salinity .
Plastic shopping bags are extremely abundant in the oceans. If an organism accidentally ingests one, it may clog digestion and cause starvation by stopping food from moving through or making the animal not feel hungry. In some areas, plastics have seven times the concentration of zooplankton. [SEP] an organism accidentally ingests one
Plastic shopping bags are extremely abundant in the oceans. If an organism accidentally ingests one, it may clog digestion and cause starvation by stopping food from moving through or making the animal not feel hungry. In some areas, plastics have seven times the concentration of zooplankton. [SEP] it may clog digestion and cause starvation by stopping food from moving through or making the animal not feel hungry .
Plastic shopping bags are extremely abundant in the oceans. If an organism accidentally ingests one, it may clog digestion and cause starvation by stopping food from moving through or making the animal not feel hungry. In some areas, plastics have seven times the concentration of zooplankton. [SEP] stopping food from moving through or making the animal not feel hungry
Plastic shopping bags are extremely abundant in the oceans. If an organism accidentally ingests one, it may clog digestion and cause starvation by stopping food from moving through or making the animal not feel hungry. In some areas, plastics have seven times the concentration of zooplankton. [SEP] it may clog digestion and cause starvation
There are similar patches of trash in the gyres of the North Atlantic and Indian oceans. The Southern Hemisphere has less trash buildup because less of the region is continent.  [SEP] less of the region is continent .
There are similar patches of trash in the gyres of the North Atlantic and Indian oceans. The Southern Hemisphere has less trash buildup because less of the region is continent.  [SEP] The Southern Hemisphere has less trash buildup
It also includes lines and nets from fishing vessels. Ghost nets, nets abandoned by fishermen intentionally or not, float the seas and entangle animals so that they cannot escape. Containers sometimes go overboard in storms. [SEP] Ghost nets , nets abandoned by fishermen intentionally or not , float the seas and entangle animals
It also includes lines and nets from fishing vessels. Ghost nets, nets abandoned by fishermen intentionally or not, float the seas and entangle animals so that they cannot escape. Containers sometimes go overboard in storms. [SEP] they can not escape .
About 80% of the trash that ends up in the oceans is plastic. This is because a large amount of the trash produced since World War II is plastic. Also many types of plastic do not biodegrade, so they simply accumulate. [SEP] World War II is plastic .
About 80% of the trash that ends up in the oceans is plastic. This is because a large amount of the trash produced since World War II is plastic. Also many types of plastic do not biodegrade, so they simply accumulate. [SEP] This is because a large amount of the trash produced
About 80% of the trash that ends up in the oceans is plastic. This is because a large amount of the trash produced since World War II is plastic. Also many types of plastic do not biodegrade, so they simply accumulate. [SEP] a large amount of the trash produced
About 80% of the trash that ends up in the oceans is plastic. This is because a large amount of the trash produced since World War II is plastic. Also many types of plastic do not biodegrade, so they simply accumulate. [SEP] This
This is because a large amount of the trash produced since World War II is plastic. Also many types of plastic do not biodegrade, so they simply accumulate. While many types of plastic photodegrade  that is, they break up in sunlight  this process only works when the plastics are dry. [SEP] Also many types of plastic do not biodegrade
This is because a large amount of the trash produced since World War II is plastic. Also many types of plastic do not biodegrade, so they simply accumulate. While many types of plastic photodegrade  that is, they break up in sunlight  this process only works when the plastics are dry. [SEP] they simply accumulate .
This albatross likely died from the plastic it had ingested. The size of the garbage patch is unknown, since it cant be seen from above. Some people estimate that its twice the size of continental U.S, with a mass of 100 million tons. [SEP] it cant be seen from above .
This albatross likely died from the plastic it had ingested. The size of the garbage patch is unknown, since it cant be seen from above. Some people estimate that its twice the size of continental U.S, with a mass of 100 million tons. [SEP] is unknown
To better understand regions of the ocean, scientists define the water column by depth. They divide the entire ocean into two zones vertically, based on light level. Large lakes are divided into similar regions. [SEP] light level
To better understand regions of the ocean, scientists define the water column by depth. They divide the entire ocean into two zones vertically, based on light level. Large lakes are divided into similar regions. [SEP] They divide the entire ocean into two zones vertically
Sunlight only penetrates the sea surface to a depth of about 200 m, creating the photic zone ("photic" means light). Organisms that photosynthesize depend on sunlight for food and so are restricted to the photic zone. Since tiny photosynthetic organisms, known as phytoplankton, supply nearly all of the energy and nutrients to the rest of the marine food web, most other marine organisms live in or at least visit the photic zone. [SEP] Organisms that photosynthesize depend on sunlight for food
Sunlight only penetrates the sea surface to a depth of about 200 m, creating the photic zone ("photic" means light). Organisms that photosynthesize depend on sunlight for food and so are restricted to the photic zone. Since tiny photosynthetic organisms, known as phytoplankton, supply nearly all of the energy and nutrients to the rest of the marine food web, most other marine organisms live in or at least visit the photic zone. [SEP] are restricted to the photic zone .
Organisms that photosynthesize depend on sunlight for food and so are restricted to the photic zone. Since tiny photosynthetic organisms, known as phytoplankton, supply nearly all of the energy and nutrients to the rest of the marine food web, most other marine organisms live in or at least visit the photic zone. In the aphotic zone there is not enough light for photosynthesis. [SEP] tiny photosynthetic organisms , known as phytoplankton , supply nearly all of the energy and nutrients to the rest of the marine food web , most other marine organisms live in or at least visit the photic zone .
Organisms that photosynthesize depend on sunlight for food and so are restricted to the photic zone. Since tiny photosynthetic organisms, known as phytoplankton, supply nearly all of the energy and nutrients to the rest of the marine food web, most other marine organisms live in or at least visit the photic zone. In the aphotic zone there is not enough light for photosynthesis. [SEP] Organisms that photosynthesize depend on sunlight for food and so are restricted to the photic zone .
The aphotic zone makes up the majority of the ocean, but has a relatively small amount of its life, both in diversity of type and in numbers. The aphotic zone is subdivided based on depth (Figure 1.1). The average depth of the ocean is 3,790 m, a lot more shallow than the deep trenches but still an incredible depth for sea creatures to live in. [SEP] depth -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB-
The aphotic zone makes up the majority of the ocean, but has a relatively small amount of its life, both in diversity of type and in numbers. The aphotic zone is subdivided based on depth (Figure 1.1). The average depth of the ocean is 3,790 m, a lot more shallow than the deep trenches but still an incredible depth for sea creatures to live in. [SEP] The aphotic zone is subdivided
The average depth of the ocean is 3,790 m, a lot more shallow than the deep trenches but still an incredible depth for sea creatures to live in. What makes it so hard to live at the bottom of the ocean? The three major factors that make the deep ocean hard to inhabit are the absence of light, low temperature, and extremely high pressure. [SEP] What makes it
The average depth of the ocean is 3,790 m, a lot more shallow than the deep trenches but still an incredible depth for sea creatures to live in. What makes it so hard to live at the bottom of the ocean? The three major factors that make the deep ocean hard to inhabit are the absence of light, low temperature, and extremely high pressure. [SEP] hard to live at the bottom of the ocean ?
 Large oil spills, like the Exxon Valdez in Alaska in 1989, get a lot of attention, as they should. Besides these large spills, though, much more oil enters the oceans from small leaks that are only a problem locally. [SEP] they should .
 Large oil spills, like the Exxon Valdez in Alaska in 1989, get a lot of attention, as they should. Besides these large spills, though, much more oil enters the oceans from small leaks that are only a problem locally. [SEP] Large oil spills , like the Exxon Valdez in Alaska in 1989 , get a lot of attention
It was not until July 15, nearly three months after the accident, that the well was successfully capped. Estimating the flow of oil into the Gulf from the well was extremely difficult because the leak was so far below the surface. The U.S. government estimates that about 4.9 million barrels entered the Gulf at a rate of 35,000 to 60,000 barrels a day. [SEP] the leak was so far below the surface .
It was not until July 15, nearly three months after the accident, that the well was successfully capped. Estimating the flow of oil into the Gulf from the well was extremely difficult because the leak was so far below the surface. The U.S. government estimates that about 4.9 million barrels entered the Gulf at a rate of 35,000 to 60,000 barrels a day. [SEP] Estimating the flow of oil into the Gulf from the well was extremely difficult
 Once the oil is in the water, there are three types of methods for dealing with it: 1. Removal: [SEP] dealing with it
 Once the oil is in the water, there are three types of methods for dealing with it: 1. Removal: [SEP] Once the oil is in the water , there are three types of methods
 Once the oil is in the water, there are three types of methods for dealing with it: 1. Removal: [SEP] the oil is in the water
 Once the oil is in the water, there are three types of methods for dealing with it: 1. Removal: [SEP] there are three types of methods
Floating containment booms are placed on the surface offshore of the most sensitive coastal areas in an attempt to attempt to trap the oil. But the seas must be calm for the booms to be effective, and so were not very useful in the Gulf (Figure 1.4). [SEP] But the seas must be calm for the booms to be effective
Floating containment booms are placed on the surface offshore of the most sensitive coastal areas in an attempt to attempt to trap the oil. But the seas must be calm for the booms to be effective, and so were not very useful in the Gulf (Figure 1.4). [SEP] were not very useful in the Gulf
On May 17, 2010, oil had been leaking into the Gulf for nearly one month. On that date government estimates put the maximum total oil leak at 1,600,000 barrels, according to the New York Times. (b) [SEP] the New York Times
On May 17, 2010, oil had been leaking into the Gulf for nearly one month. On that date government estimates put the maximum total oil leak at 1,600,000 barrels, according to the New York Times. (b) [SEP] On that date government estimates put the maximum total oil leak at 1,600,000 barrels
Dispersal: Oil disperses naturally over time because it mixes with the water. However, such large amounts of oil will take decades to disperse. [SEP] it mixes with the water .
Dispersal: Oil disperses naturally over time because it mixes with the water. However, such large amounts of oil will take decades to disperse. [SEP] Oil disperses naturally over time
To speed the process up, BP has sprayed unprecedented amounts of chemical dispersants on the spill. That action did not receive support from the scientific community since no one knows the risks to people and the environment from such a large amount of these harmful chemicals. Some workers may have become ill from exposure to the chemicals. [SEP] no one knows the risks to people and the environment from such a large amount of these harmful chemicals .
To speed the process up, BP has sprayed unprecedented amounts of chemical dispersants on the spill. That action did not receive support from the scientific community since no one knows the risks to people and the environment from such a large amount of these harmful chemicals. Some workers may have become ill from exposure to the chemicals. [SEP] That action did not receive support from the scientific community
Commercial fishing, tourism, and oil-related jobs are the economic engines of the region. Fearing contamination, NOAA imposed a fishing ban on approximately one-third of the Gulf (Figure 1.5). [SEP] Fearing contamination
Commercial fishing, tourism, and oil-related jobs are the economic engines of the region. Fearing contamination, NOAA imposed a fishing ban on approximately one-third of the Gulf (Figure 1.5). [SEP] NOAA imposed a fishing ban on approximately one-third of the Gulf
(Figure 1.5). Tourism is down in the region as beach goers find other ways to spend their time. Real estate prices along the Gulf have declined precipitously. [SEP] beach goers find other ways to spend their time .
(Figure 1.5). Tourism is down in the region as beach goers find other ways to spend their time. Real estate prices along the Gulf have declined precipitously. [SEP] Tourism is down in the region
The Gulf of Mexico is one of only two places in the world where bluefin tuna spawn and they are also already endangered. Marine mammals in the Gulf may come up into the slick as they come to the surface to breathe. Eight national parks and seashores are found along the Gulf shores. [SEP] they come to the surface to breathe .
The Gulf of Mexico is one of only two places in the world where bluefin tuna spawn and they are also already endangered. Marine mammals in the Gulf may come up into the slick as they come to the surface to breathe. Eight national parks and seashores are found along the Gulf shores. [SEP] Marine mammals in the Gulf may come up into the slick
Some pesticides are toxic. Dead zones grow as fertilizers drain off farmland and introduce nutrients into lakes and coastal areas. Farm machines and vehicles used to transport crops produce air pollutants. [SEP] fertilizers drain off farmland and introduce nutrients into lakes and coastal areas .
Some pesticides are toxic. Dead zones grow as fertilizers drain off farmland and introduce nutrients into lakes and coastal areas. Farm machines and vehicles used to transport crops produce air pollutants. [SEP] Dead zones grow
Moreover, many types of pollution easily move between air, water, and land. As a result, no location or organism  not even polar bears in the remote Arctic  is free from pollution.  [SEP] Moreover , many types of pollution easily move between air , water , and land
Moreover, many types of pollution easily move between air, water, and land. As a result, no location or organism  not even polar bears in the remote Arctic  is free from pollution.  [SEP] no location or organism not even polar bears in the remote Arctic is free from pollution .
For about one-quarter of people there is an abundance of food, plenty of water, and a secure home. Comfortable temperatures are made possible by heating and cooling systems, rapid trans- portation is available by motor vehicles or a well-developed public transportation system, instant communication takes place by phones and email, and many other luxuries are available that were not even dreamed of only a few The percentage of people in the world that live in abject poverty is decreasing some- what globally, but increasing in some re- gions, such as Sub-Saharan Africa. [SEP] heating and cooling systems , rapid trans
For about one-quarter of people there is an abundance of food, plenty of water, and a secure home. Comfortable temperatures are made possible by heating and cooling systems, rapid trans- portation is available by motor vehicles or a well-developed public transportation system, instant communication takes place by phones and email, and many other luxuries are available that were not even dreamed of only a few The percentage of people in the world that live in abject poverty is decreasing some- what globally, but increasing in some re- gions, such as Sub-Saharan Africa. [SEP] - portation is available by motor vehicles or a well-developed public transportation system , instant communication takes place by phones and email , and many other luxuries are available that were not even dreamed of only a few The percentage of people in the world that live in abject poverty is decreasing some -
Chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) are the most common, but there are others, including halons, methyl bromide, carbon tetrachloride, and methyl chloroform. CFCs were once widely used because they are cheap, nontoxic, nonflammable, and non-reactive. They were used as spray-can propellants, refrigerants, and in many other products. [SEP] they are cheap , nontoxic , nonflammable , and non-reactive .
Chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) are the most common, but there are others, including halons, methyl bromide, carbon tetrachloride, and methyl chloroform. CFCs were once widely used because they are cheap, nontoxic, nonflammable, and non-reactive. They were used as spray-can propellants, refrigerants, and in many other products. [SEP] CFCs were once widely used
They were used as spray-can propellants, refrigerants, and in many other products. Once they are released into the air, CFCs float up to the stratosphere. Air currents move them toward the poles. [SEP] they are released into the air
They were used as spray-can propellants, refrigerants, and in many other products. Once they are released into the air, CFCs float up to the stratosphere. Air currents move them toward the poles. [SEP] CFCs float up to the stratosphere .
When O3 interacts with chlorine or some other gases the O3 breaks down into O2 and O and so the ozone layer loses its ability to filter out UV. the Suns warmth starts the air moving, and ultraviolet light breaks the CFCs apart. [SEP] When O3 interacts with chlorine or some other gases the O3 breaks down into O2 and O
When O3 interacts with chlorine or some other gases the O3 breaks down into O2 and O and so the ozone layer loses its ability to filter out UV. the Suns warmth starts the air moving, and ultraviolet light breaks the CFCs apart. [SEP] the ozone layer loses its ability to filter out UV .
Ozone destruction creates the ozone hole where the layer is dangerously thin (Figure 1.3). As air circulates over Antarctica in the spring, the ozone hole expands northward over the southern continents, including Australia, New Zealand, southern South America, and southern Africa. UV levels may rise as much as 20% beneath the ozone hole. [SEP] air circulates over Antarctica in the spring , the ozone hole expands northward over the southern continents , including Australia , New Zealand , southern South America , and southern Africa .
Ozone destruction creates the ozone hole where the layer is dangerously thin (Figure 1.3). As air circulates over Antarctica in the spring, the ozone hole expands northward over the southern continents, including Australia, New Zealand, southern South America, and southern Africa. UV levels may rise as much as 20% beneath the ozone hole. [SEP] Ozone destruction creates the ozone hole where the layer is dangerously thin -LRB- Figure 1.3 -RRB- .
Why do you think there is less ozone loss over the North Pole area? The region of low ozone levels is small because the atmosphere is not as cold and PSCs do not form as readily. Still, springtime ozone levels are relatively low. [SEP] the atmosphere is not as cold and PSCs do not form as readily .
Why do you think there is less ozone loss over the North Pole area? The region of low ozone levels is small because the atmosphere is not as cold and PSCs do not form as readily. Still, springtime ozone levels are relatively low. [SEP] The region of low ozone levels is small
Why do you think there is less ozone loss over the North Pole area? The region of low ozone levels is small because the atmosphere is not as cold and PSCs do not form as readily. Still, springtime ozone levels are relatively low. [SEP] cold and PSCs do not form as
Why do you think there is less ozone loss over the North Pole area? The region of low ozone levels is small because the atmosphere is not as cold and PSCs do not form as readily. Still, springtime ozone levels are relatively low. [SEP] the atmosphere is not
Decreases in the human immune systems ability to fight off infectious diseases. Reduction in crop yields because many plants are sensitive to ultraviolet light. Decreases in phytoplankton productivity. [SEP] many plants are sensitive to ultraviolet light .
Decreases in the human immune systems ability to fight off infectious diseases. Reduction in crop yields because many plants are sensitive to ultraviolet light. Decreases in phytoplankton productivity. [SEP] Reduction in crop yields
CFCs were banned in spray cans in some nations in 1978. The greatest production of CFCs was in 1986, but it has declined since then. This will be discussed more in the next concept. [SEP] then . This will be discussed more in the next concept
CFCs were banned in spray cans in some nations in 1978. The greatest production of CFCs was in 1986, but it has declined since then. This will be discussed more in the next concept. [SEP] The greatest production of CFCs was in 1986 , but it has declined
The Paleozoic sedimentary rocks of the Grand Canyon contain evidence of marine transgressions and regressions, but even there the rock record is not complete. Look at the sequence in the Figure 1.2 and see if you can determine whether the sea was transgressing or regressing. At the bottom, the Tonto Group represents a marine transgression: sandstone (11), shale (10), and limestone (9) laid down during 30 million years of the Cambrian Period. [SEP] you can determine whether the sea was transgressing or regressing .
The Paleozoic sedimentary rocks of the Grand Canyon contain evidence of marine transgressions and regressions, but even there the rock record is not complete. Look at the sequence in the Figure 1.2 and see if you can determine whether the sea was transgressing or regressing. At the bottom, the Tonto Group represents a marine transgression: sandstone (11), shale (10), and limestone (9) laid down during 30 million years of the Cambrian Period. [SEP] the sequence in the Figure 1.2 and see
At the bottom, the Tonto Group represents a marine transgression: sandstone (11), shale (10), and limestone (9) laid down during 30 million years of the Cambrian Period. The Ordovician and Silurian are unknown because of an unconformity. Above that is freshwater limestone (8), which is overlain by limestone (7) and then shale (6), indicating that the sea was regressing. [SEP] The Ordovician and Silurian are unknown
At the bottom, the Tonto Group represents a marine transgression: sandstone (11), shale (10), and limestone (9) laid down during 30 million years of the Cambrian Period. The Ordovician and Silurian are unknown because of an unconformity. Above that is freshwater limestone (8), which is overlain by limestone (7) and then shale (6), indicating that the sea was regressing. [SEP] . Above that is freshwater limestone -LRB- 8 -RRB- , which is overlain by limestone -LRB- 7 -RRB- and then shale -LRB- 6 -RRB- , indicating that the sea was regressing
When little or no fresh water is tied up in glaciers and ice caps, sea level is high. Sea level also appears to rise if land is down dropped. Sea level rises if an increase in seafloor spreading rate buoys up the ocean crust, causing the ocean basin to become smaller. [SEP] land is down dropped .
When little or no fresh water is tied up in glaciers and ice caps, sea level is high. Sea level also appears to rise if land is down dropped. Sea level rises if an increase in seafloor spreading rate buoys up the ocean crust, causing the ocean basin to become smaller. [SEP] Sea level also appears to rise
Sea level also appears to rise if land is down dropped. Sea level rises if an increase in seafloor spreading rate buoys up the ocean crust, causing the ocean basin to become smaller. What could cause sea level to fall in a marine regression? [SEP] an increase in seafloor spreading rate buoys up the ocean crust , causing the ocean basin to become smaller .
Sea level also appears to rise if land is down dropped. Sea level rises if an increase in seafloor spreading rate buoys up the ocean crust, causing the ocean basin to become smaller. What could cause sea level to fall in a marine regression? [SEP] Sea level rises
Compared with the long expanse of the Precambrian, the Phanerozoic is recent history. Much more geological evidence is available for scientists to study so the Phanerozoic is much better known. The Paleozoic begins and ends with a supercontinent. [SEP] Much more geological evidence is available for scientists to study
Compared with the long expanse of the Precambrian, the Phanerozoic is recent history. Much more geological evidence is available for scientists to study so the Phanerozoic is much better known. The Paleozoic begins and ends with a supercontinent. [SEP] the Phanerozoic is much better known .
Evidence for the existence of Pangaea was what Alfred Wegener used to create his continental drift hypothesis, which was described in the chapter Plate Tectonics. As the continents move and the land masses change shape, the shape of the oceans changes too. During the time of Pangaea, about 250 million years ago, most of Earths water was collected in a huge ocean called Panthalassa (Figure 1.2). [SEP] the continents move and the land masses change shape , the shape of the oceans changes too .
Evidence for the existence of Pangaea was what Alfred Wegener used to create his continental drift hypothesis, which was described in the chapter Plate Tectonics. As the continents move and the land masses change shape, the shape of the oceans changes too. During the time of Pangaea, about 250 million years ago, most of Earths water was collected in a huge ocean called Panthalassa (Figure 1.2). [SEP] Evidence for the existence of Pangaea was what Alfred Wegener used to create his continental drift hypothesis , which was described in the chapter Plate Tectonics .
Orogenies take place over tens or hundreds of millions of years. As continents smash into microcontinents and island arcs collided, mountains rise. Geologists find evidence for the orogenies that took place while Pangaea was forming in many locations. [SEP] continents smash into microcontinents and island arcs collided , mountains rise .
Orogenies take place over tens or hundreds of millions of years. As continents smash into microcontinents and island arcs collided, mountains rise. Geologists find evidence for the orogenies that took place while Pangaea was forming in many locations. [SEP] Orogenies take place over tens or hundreds of millions of years .
The Taconic Orogeny is an example of a collision between a continent and a volcanic island arc. Laurentia experienced other orogenies as it merged with the northern continents. The southern continents came together to form Gondwana. [SEP] it merged with the northern continents .
The Taconic Orogeny is an example of a collision between a continent and a volcanic island arc. Laurentia experienced other orogenies as it merged with the northern continents. The southern continents came together to form Gondwana. [SEP] Laurentia experienced other orogenies
The United States does produce oil, but the amount produced is only about one-quarter as much as the nation uses. The United States has only about 1.5% of the worlds proven oil reserves, so most of the oil used by Americans must be imported from other nations. The main oil-producing regions in the United States are the Gulf of Mexico, Texas, Alaska, and California [SEP] The United States has only about 1.5 % of the worlds proven oil reserves
The United States does produce oil, but the amount produced is only about one-quarter as much as the nation uses. The United States has only about 1.5% of the worlds proven oil reserves, so most of the oil used by Americans must be imported from other nations. The main oil-producing regions in the United States are the Gulf of Mexico, Texas, Alaska, and California [SEP] most of the oil used by Americans must be imported from other nations .
Most of the compounds that come out of the refining process are fuels, such as gasoline, diesel, and heating oil. Because these fuels are rich sources of energy and can be easily transported, oil provides about 90% of the energy used for transportation around the world. The rest of the compounds from crude oil are used for waxes, plastics, fertilizers, and other products. [SEP] these fuels are rich sources of energy and can be easily transported
Most of the compounds that come out of the refining process are fuels, such as gasoline, diesel, and heating oil. Because these fuels are rich sources of energy and can be easily transported, oil provides about 90% of the energy used for transportation around the world. The rest of the compounds from crude oil are used for waxes, plastics, fertilizers, and other products. [SEP] oil provides about 90 % of the energy used for transportation around the world .
The folded structure has allowed the oil to pool so a well can be drilled into the reservoir. To separate the different types of hydrocarbons in crude oil for different uses, the crude oil must be refined in refineries like the one shown in Figure 1.2. [SEP] The folded structure has allowed the oil to pool
The folded structure has allowed the oil to pool so a well can be drilled into the reservoir. To separate the different types of hydrocarbons in crude oil for different uses, the crude oil must be refined in refineries like the one shown in Figure 1.2. [SEP] a well can be drilled into the reservoir .
To separate the different types of hydrocarbons in crude oil for different uses, the crude oil must be refined in refineries like the one shown in Figure 1.2. Refining is possible because each hydrocarbon in crude oil boils at a different temperature. When the oil is boiled in the refinery, separate equipment collects the different compounds. [SEP] each hydrocarbon in crude oil boils at a different temperature .
To separate the different types of hydrocarbons in crude oil for different uses, the crude oil must be refined in refineries like the one shown in Figure 1.2. Refining is possible because each hydrocarbon in crude oil boils at a different temperature. When the oil is boiled in the refinery, separate equipment collects the different compounds. [SEP] Refining is possible
The dead organisms are kept away from oxygen by layers of other dead creatures and sediments. As the layers pile up, heat and pressure increase. Over millions of years, the dead organisms turn into liquid oil. [SEP] the layers pile up , heat and pressure increase .
The dead organisms are kept away from oxygen by layers of other dead creatures and sediments. As the layers pile up, heat and pressure increase. Over millions of years, the dead organisms turn into liquid oil. [SEP] The dead organisms are kept away from oxygen by layers of other dead creatures and sediments .
 Oil is a liquid fossil fuel that is extremely useful because it can be transported easily and can be used in cars and other vehicles. Oil is currently the single largest source of energy in the world. [SEP] it can be transported easily and can be used in cars and other vehicles .
 Oil is a liquid fossil fuel that is extremely useful because it can be transported easily and can be used in cars and other vehicles. Oil is currently the single largest source of energy in the world. [SEP] Oil is a liquid fossil fuel that is extremely useful
While studying the solar system, Johannes Kepler discovered the relationship between the time it takes a planet to make one complete orbit around the Sun, its "orbital period," and the distance from the Sun to the planet. If the orbital period of a planet is known, then it is possible to determine the planets distance from the Sun. This is how astronomers without modern telescopes could determine the distances to other planets within the solar system. [SEP] the orbital period of a planet is known
While studying the solar system, Johannes Kepler discovered the relationship between the time it takes a planet to make one complete orbit around the Sun, its "orbital period," and the distance from the Sun to the planet. If the orbital period of a planet is known, then it is possible to determine the planets distance from the Sun. This is how astronomers without modern telescopes could determine the distances to other planets within the solar system. [SEP] then it is possible to determine the planets distance from the Sun .
How old are you on Earth? How old would you be if you lived on Jupiter? How many days is it until your birthday on Earth? [SEP] you lived on Jupiter ?
How old are you on Earth? How old would you be if you lived on Jupiter? How many days is it until your birthday on Earth? [SEP] old would you be
Ponds are small bodies of fresh water that usually have no outlet; ponds are often are fed by underground springs. Like lakes, ponds are bordered by hills or low rises so the water is blocked from flowing directly downhill.  [SEP] Like lakes , ponds are bordered by hills or low rises
Ponds are small bodies of fresh water that usually have no outlet; ponds are often are fed by underground springs. Like lakes, ponds are bordered by hills or low rises so the water is blocked from flowing directly downhill.  [SEP] the water is blocked from flowing directly downhill .
Subglacial lakes are even found below a frozen ice cap. As a result of geologic history and the arrangement of land masses, most lakes are in the Northern Hemisphere. In fact, more than 60% of all the worlds lakes are in Canada   [SEP] geologic history and the arrangement of land masses
Subglacial lakes are even found below a frozen ice cap. As a result of geologic history and the arrangement of land masses, most lakes are in the Northern Hemisphere. In fact, more than 60% of all the worlds lakes are in Canada   [SEP] most lakes are in the Northern Hemisphere .
Lakes are not permanent features of a landscape. Some come and go with the seasons, as water levels rise and fall. Over a longer time, lakes disappear when they fill with sediments, if the springs or streams that fill them diminish, (a) Crater Lake in Oregon is in a volcanic caldera. [SEP] water levels rise and fall .
Lakes are not permanent features of a landscape. Some come and go with the seasons, as water levels rise and fall. Over a longer time, lakes disappear when they fill with sediments, if the springs or streams that fill them diminish, (a) Crater Lake in Oregon is in a volcanic caldera. [SEP] Some come and go with the seasons
Some come and go with the seasons, as water levels rise and fall. Over a longer time, lakes disappear when they fill with sediments, if the springs or streams that fill them diminish, (a) Crater Lake in Oregon is in a volcanic caldera. Lakes can also form in volcanic craters and impact craters. [SEP] the springs or streams that fill them diminish , -LRB- a -RRB- Crater Lake in Oregon is in a volcanic caldera .
Some come and go with the seasons, as water levels rise and fall. Over a longer time, lakes disappear when they fill with sediments, if the springs or streams that fill them diminish, (a) Crater Lake in Oregon is in a volcanic caldera. Lakes can also form in volcanic craters and impact craters. [SEP] a longer time , lakes disappear when they fill with sediments ,
(b) The Great Lakes fill depressions eroded as glaciers scraped rock out from the landscape. (c) [SEP] glaciers scraped rock out from the landscape .
(b) The Great Lakes fill depressions eroded as glaciers scraped rock out from the landscape. (c) [SEP] The Great Lakes fill depressions eroded
(c) Lake Baikal, ice coated in winter in this image, formed as water filled up a tectonic faults. Lakes near Yellowknife were carved by glaciers during the last Ice Age. [SEP] water filled up a tectonic
(c) Lake Baikal, ice coated in winter in this image, formed as water filled up a tectonic faults. Lakes near Yellowknife were carved by glaciers during the last Ice Age. [SEP] Lake Baikal , ice coated in winter in this image , formed
Lakes near Yellowknife were carved by glaciers during the last Ice Age. or if their outlets grow because of erosion. When the climate of an area changes, lakes can either expand or shrink (Figure 1.3). [SEP] or if their outlets grow
Lakes near Yellowknife were carved by glaciers during the last Ice Age. or if their outlets grow because of erosion. When the climate of an area changes, lakes can either expand or shrink (Figure 1.3). [SEP] . When the climate of an area changes , lakes can either expand or shrink -LRB- Figure 1.3 -RRB-
When the climate of an area changes, lakes can either expand or shrink (Figure 1.3). Lakes may disappear if precipitation significantly diminishes. Large lakes have tidal systems and currents, and can even affect weather patterns. [SEP] precipitation significantly diminishes .
When the climate of an area changes, lakes can either expand or shrink (Figure 1.3). Lakes may disappear if precipitation significantly diminishes. Large lakes have tidal systems and currents, and can even affect weather patterns. [SEP] Lakes may disappear
What causes a population to shrink? A population can shrink either because of biotic or abiotic limits. An increase in predators, the emergence of a new disease, or the loss of habitat are just three possible problems that will decrease a population. [SEP] A population can shrink either
What causes a population to shrink? A population can shrink either because of biotic or abiotic limits. An increase in predators, the emergence of a new disease, or the loss of habitat are just three possible problems that will decrease a population. [SEP] . An increase in predators , the emergence of a new disease , or the loss of habitat are just three possible problems that will decrease a population
An increase in predators, the emergence of a new disease, or the loss of habitat are just three possible problems that will decrease a population. A population may also shrink if it grows too large for the resources required to support it.  [SEP] it grows too large for the resources required to support it .
An increase in predators, the emergence of a new disease, or the loss of habitat are just three possible problems that will decrease a population. A population may also shrink if it grows too large for the resources required to support it.  [SEP] A population may also shrink
The carrying capacity depends on biotic and abiotic factors. If these factors improve, the carrying capacity increases. If the factors become less plentiful, the carrying capacity drops. [SEP] these factors improve
The carrying capacity depends on biotic and abiotic factors. If these factors improve, the carrying capacity increases. If the factors become less plentiful, the carrying capacity drops. [SEP] the carrying capacity increases .
If these factors improve, the carrying capacity increases. If the factors become less plentiful, the carrying capacity drops. If resources are being used faster than they are being replenished, then the species has exceeded its carrying capacity. [SEP] the factors become less plentiful
If these factors improve, the carrying capacity increases. If the factors become less plentiful, the carrying capacity drops. If resources are being used faster than they are being replenished, then the species has exceeded its carrying capacity. [SEP] the carrying capacity drops .
If the factors become less plentiful, the carrying capacity drops. If resources are being used faster than they are being replenished, then the species has exceeded its carrying capacity. If this occurs, the population will then decrease in size. [SEP] resources are being used faster than they are being replenished
If the factors become less plentiful, the carrying capacity drops. If resources are being used faster than they are being replenished, then the species has exceeded its carrying capacity. If this occurs, the population will then decrease in size. [SEP] then the species has exceeded its carrying capacity .
If resources are being used faster than they are being replenished, then the species has exceeded its carrying capacity. If this occurs, the population will then decrease in size.  [SEP] this occurs
If resources are being used faster than they are being replenished, then the species has exceeded its carrying capacity. If this occurs, the population will then decrease in size.  [SEP] the population will then decrease in size .
If a limiting factor increases a lot, another factor will most likely become the new limiting factor. This may be a bit confusing, so lets look at an example of limiting factors. Say you want to make as many chocolate chip cookies as you can with the ingredients you have on hand. [SEP] This may be a bit confusing
If a limiting factor increases a lot, another factor will most likely become the new limiting factor. This may be a bit confusing, so lets look at an example of limiting factors. Say you want to make as many chocolate chip cookies as you can with the ingredients you have on hand. [SEP] lets look at an example of limiting factors .
This may be a bit confusing, so lets look at an example of limiting factors. Say you want to make as many chocolate chip cookies as you can with the ingredients you have on hand. It turns out that you have plenty of flour and other ingredients, but only two eggs. [SEP] many chocolate chip cookies as you can with the ingredients you have on hand .
This may be a bit confusing, so lets look at an example of limiting factors. Say you want to make as many chocolate chip cookies as you can with the ingredients you have on hand. It turns out that you have plenty of flour and other ingredients, but only two eggs. [SEP] you want to make
It turns out that you have plenty of flour and other ingredients, but only two eggs. You can make only one batch of cookies, because eggs are the limiting factor. But then your neighbor comes over with a dozen eggs. [SEP] eggs are the limiting factor .
It turns out that you have plenty of flour and other ingredients, but only two eggs. You can make only one batch of cookies, because eggs are the limiting factor. But then your neighbor comes over with a dozen eggs. [SEP] You can make only one batch of cookies
You can make four batches of cookies, with butter as the limiting factor. If you get more butter, some other ingredient will be limiting. Species ordinarily produce more offspring than their habitat can support (Figure 1.2). [SEP] you get more butter
You can make four batches of cookies, with butter as the limiting factor. If you get more butter, some other ingredient will be limiting. Species ordinarily produce more offspring than their habitat can support (Figure 1.2). [SEP] some other ingredient will be limiting .
Species ordinarily produce more offspring than their habitat can support (Figure 1.2). If conditions improve, more young survive and the population grows. If conditions worsen, or if too many young are born, there is competition between individuals. [SEP] conditions improve
Species ordinarily produce more offspring than their habitat can support (Figure 1.2). If conditions improve, more young survive and the population grows. If conditions worsen, or if too many young are born, there is competition between individuals. [SEP] more young survive and the population grows .
If conditions worsen, or if too many young are born, there is competition between individuals. As in any competition, there are some winners and some losers. Those individuals that survive to fill the available spots in the niche are those that are the most fit for their habitat. [SEP] in any competition , there are some winners and some losers .
If conditions worsen, or if too many young are born, there is competition between individuals. As in any competition, there are some winners and some losers. Those individuals that survive to fill the available spots in the niche are those that are the most fit for their habitat. [SEP] If conditions worsen , or if too many young are born , there is competition between individuals .
Little is known about the paleogeography, or the ancient geography, of the early planet, although smaller continents could have come together and broken up. Geologists can learn many things about the Pre-Archean by studying the rocks of the cratons. Cratons also contain felsic igneous rocks, which are remnants of the first continents. [SEP] studying the rocks of the cratons
Little is known about the paleogeography, or the ancient geography, of the early planet, although smaller continents could have come together and broken up. Geologists can learn many things about the Pre-Archean by studying the rocks of the cratons. Cratons also contain felsic igneous rocks, which are remnants of the first continents. [SEP] Geologists can learn many things about the Pre-Archean
One common rock type in the cratons is greenstone, a metamorphosed volcanic rock (Figure 1.1). Since greenstones are found today in oceanic trenches, what does the presence of greenstones mean? These ancient greenstones indicate the presence of subduction zones. [SEP] greenstones are found today in oceanic trenches
One common rock type in the cratons is greenstone, a metamorphosed volcanic rock (Figure 1.1). Since greenstones are found today in oceanic trenches, what does the presence of greenstones mean? These ancient greenstones indicate the presence of subduction zones. [SEP] what does the presence of greenstones
Since greenstones are found today in oceanic trenches, what does the presence of greenstones mean? These ancient greenstones indicate the presence of subduction zones. Ice age glaciers scraped the Canadian Shield down to the 4.28 billion year old greenstone in Northwestern Quebec. [SEP] Since greenstones are found today in oceanic trenches , what does the presence of greenstones mean ?
Since greenstones are found today in oceanic trenches, what does the presence of greenstones mean? These ancient greenstones indicate the presence of subduction zones. Ice age glaciers scraped the Canadian Shield down to the 4.28 billion year old greenstone in Northwestern Quebec. [SEP] the presence of subduction zones
Mantle convection was faster and plate tectonics processes were more vigorous. Since subduction zones were more common, the early crustal plates were relatively small. Since the time that it was completely molten, Earth has been cooling. [SEP] subduction zones were more common
Mantle convection was faster and plate tectonics processes were more vigorous. Since subduction zones were more common, the early crustal plates were relatively small. Since the time that it was completely molten, Earth has been cooling. [SEP] the early crustal plates were relatively small .
By the end of the Archean, about 2.5 billion years ago, plate tectonics processes were completely recognizable. Small Proterozoic continents known as microcontinents collided to create supercontinents, which resulted in the uplift of massive mountain ranges. The history of the North American craton is an example of what generally happened to the cratons during the Precambrian. [SEP] microcontinents collided to create supercontinents , which resulted in the uplift of massive mountain ranges .
By the end of the Archean, about 2.5 billion years ago, plate tectonics processes were completely recognizable. Small Proterozoic continents known as microcontinents collided to create supercontinents, which resulted in the uplift of massive mountain ranges. The history of the North American craton is an example of what generally happened to the cratons during the Precambrian. [SEP] Small Proterozoic continents known
The history of the North American craton is an example of what generally happened to the cratons during the Precambrian. As the craton drifted, it collided with microcontinents and oceanic island arcs, which were added to the continents. Convergence was especially active between 1.5 and 1.0 billion years ago. [SEP] the craton drifted , it collided with microcontinents and oceanic island arcs , which were added to the continents .
The history of the North American craton is an example of what generally happened to the cratons during the Precambrian. As the craton drifted, it collided with microcontinents and oceanic island arcs, which were added to the continents. Convergence was especially active between 1.5 and 1.0 billion years ago. [SEP] The history of the North American craton is an example of what generally happened to the cratons during the Precambrian .
Nations that have more industry produce more hazardous waste. Currently, the United States is the worlds largest producer of hazardous wastes, but China, which produces so many products for the developed world, may soon take over the number-one spot. Countries with more industry produce more hazardous wastes than those with little industry. [SEP] Currently , the United States is the worlds largest producer of hazardous wastes , but China , which produces
Nations that have more industry produce more hazardous waste. Currently, the United States is the worlds largest producer of hazardous wastes, but China, which produces so many products for the developed world, may soon take over the number-one spot. Countries with more industry produce more hazardous wastes than those with little industry. [SEP] many products for the developed world , may soon take over the number-one spot .
Problems with haz- ardous wastes and their disposal became obvious sooner in the developed world than in the developing world. As a result, many developed nations, including the United States, have laws to help control hazardous waste disposal and to clean toxic sites. As mentioned in the "Impacts of Hazardous Waste" concept, the Superfund Act requires companies to clean up contaminated sites that are designated as Superfund sites (Figure 1.1). [SEP] Problems with haz - ardous wastes and their disposal became obvious sooner in the developed world than in the developing world
Problems with haz- ardous wastes and their disposal became obvious sooner in the developed world than in the developing world. As a result, many developed nations, including the United States, have laws to help control hazardous waste disposal and to clean toxic sites. As mentioned in the "Impacts of Hazardous Waste" concept, the Superfund Act requires companies to clean up contaminated sites that are designated as Superfund sites (Figure 1.1). [SEP] many developed nations , including the United States , have laws to help control hazardous waste disposal and to clean toxic sites .
As a result, many developed nations, including the United States, have laws to help control hazardous waste disposal and to clean toxic sites. As mentioned in the "Impacts of Hazardous Waste" concept, the Superfund Act requires companies to clean up contaminated sites that are designated as Superfund sites (Figure 1.1). If a responsible party cannot be identified, because the company has gone out of business or its culpability cannot be proven, the federal government pays for the cleanup out of a trust fund with money put aside by the petroleum and chemical industries. [SEP] mentioned in the `` Impacts of Hazardous Waste '' concept , the Superfund Act requires companies to clean up contaminated sites that are designated as Superfund sites -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
As a result, many developed nations, including the United States, have laws to help control hazardous waste disposal and to clean toxic sites. As mentioned in the "Impacts of Hazardous Waste" concept, the Superfund Act requires companies to clean up contaminated sites that are designated as Superfund sites (Figure 1.1). If a responsible party cannot be identified, because the company has gone out of business or its culpability cannot be proven, the federal government pays for the cleanup out of a trust fund with money put aside by the petroleum and chemical industries. [SEP] As a result , many developed nations , including the United States , have laws to help control hazardous waste disposal and to clean toxic sites .
As mentioned in the "Impacts of Hazardous Waste" concept, the Superfund Act requires companies to clean up contaminated sites that are designated as Superfund sites (Figure 1.1). If a responsible party cannot be identified, because the company has gone out of business or its culpability cannot be proven, the federal government pays for the cleanup out of a trust fund with money put aside by the petroleum and chemical industries. As a result of the Superfund Act, companies today are more careful about how they deal with hazardous substances. [SEP] the company has gone out of business or its culpability can not be proven
As mentioned in the "Impacts of Hazardous Waste" concept, the Superfund Act requires companies to clean up contaminated sites that are designated as Superfund sites (Figure 1.1). If a responsible party cannot be identified, because the company has gone out of business or its culpability cannot be proven, the federal government pays for the cleanup out of a trust fund with money put aside by the petroleum and chemical industries. As a result of the Superfund Act, companies today are more careful about how they deal with hazardous substances. [SEP] the federal government pays for the cleanup out of a trust fund with money put aside by the petroleum and chemical industries .
If a responsible party cannot be identified, because the company has gone out of business or its culpability cannot be proven, the federal government pays for the cleanup out of a trust fund with money put aside by the petroleum and chemical industries. As a result of the Superfund Act, companies today are more careful about how they deal with hazardous substances. Superfund sites are located all over the nation and many are waiting to be cleaned up. [SEP] the Superfund Act
If a responsible party cannot be identified, because the company has gone out of business or its culpability cannot be proven, the federal government pays for the cleanup out of a trust fund with money put aside by the petroleum and chemical industries. As a result of the Superfund Act, companies today are more careful about how they deal with hazardous substances. Superfund sites are located all over the nation and many are waiting to be cleaned up. [SEP] companies today are more careful about how they deal with hazardous substances .
Using the rules listed above, try to figure out the geologic history of the geologic column. The Grand Canyon is full mostly of sedimentary rocks, which are important for deciphering the geologic history of a region. In the Grand Canyon, the rock layers are exposed like a layer cake. [SEP] deciphering the geologic history of a region
Using the rules listed above, try to figure out the geologic history of the geologic column. The Grand Canyon is full mostly of sedimentary rocks, which are important for deciphering the geologic history of a region. In the Grand Canyon, the rock layers are exposed like a layer cake. [SEP] The Grand Canyon is full mostly of sedimentary rocks , which are important
2. Sediments are deposited horizontally, so sedimentary rock layers are originally horizontal, as are some vol- canic rocks, such as ash falls. 3. [SEP] Sediments are deposited horizontally
2. Sediments are deposited horizontally, so sedimentary rock layers are originally horizontal, as are some vol- canic rocks, such as ash falls. 3. [SEP] sedimentary rock layers are originally horizontal , as are some vol - canic rocks , such as ash falls .
2. Sediments are deposited horizontally, so sedimentary rock layers are originally horizontal, as are some vol- canic rocks, such as ash falls. 3. [SEP] are some vol - canic rocks , such as ash falls .
2. Sediments are deposited horizontally, so sedimentary rock layers are originally horizontal, as are some vol- canic rocks, such as ash falls. 3. [SEP] sedimentary rock layers are originally horizontal
Sedimentary rock layers that are not horizontal are deformed. Since sedimentary rocks follow these rules, they are useful for seeing the effects of stress on rocks. Sedimentary rocks that are not horizontal must have been deformed. [SEP] sedimentary rocks follow these rules
Sedimentary rock layers that are not horizontal are deformed. Since sedimentary rocks follow these rules, they are useful for seeing the effects of stress on rocks. Sedimentary rocks that are not horizontal must have been deformed. [SEP] they are useful for seeing the effects of stress on rocks .
Sedimentary rock layers that are not horizontal are deformed. Since sedimentary rocks follow these rules, they are useful for seeing the effects of stress on rocks. Sedimentary rocks that are not horizontal must have been deformed. [SEP] seeing the effects of stress on rocks
Sedimentary rock layers that are not horizontal are deformed. Since sedimentary rocks follow these rules, they are useful for seeing the effects of stress on rocks. Sedimentary rocks that are not horizontal must have been deformed. [SEP] they are useful
Sedimentary rocks that are not horizontal must have been deformed. You can trace the deformation a rock has experienced by seeing how it differs from its original horizontal, oldest- on-bottom position. This deformation produces geologic structures such as folds, joints, and faults that are caused by stresses. [SEP] seeing how it differs from its original horizontal , oldest - on-bottom position
Sedimentary rocks that are not horizontal must have been deformed. You can trace the deformation a rock has experienced by seeing how it differs from its original horizontal, oldest- on-bottom position. This deformation produces geologic structures such as folds, joints, and faults that are caused by stresses. [SEP] You can trace the deformation a rock has experienced
In the photo of the Mesquite sand dune in Death Valley National Park, California (Figure 1.2), we see that wind can cause cross-bedding in sand. Cross-bedding is due to changes in wind direction. There are also ripples caused by the wind waving over the surface of the dune. [SEP] changes in wind direction
In the photo of the Mesquite sand dune in Death Valley National Park, California (Figure 1.2), we see that wind can cause cross-bedding in sand. Cross-bedding is due to changes in wind direction. There are also ripples caused by the wind waving over the surface of the dune. [SEP] Cross-bedding
There are also ripples caused by the wind waving over the surface of the dune. Since we can observe wind forming sand dunes with these patterns now, we have a good explanation for how the Navajo sandstone formed. The Navajo sandstone is a rock formed from ancient sand dunes in which wind direction changed from time to time. [SEP] we can observe wind forming sand dunes with these patterns now
There are also ripples caused by the wind waving over the surface of the dune. Since we can observe wind forming sand dunes with these patterns now, we have a good explanation for how the Navajo sandstone formed. The Navajo sandstone is a rock formed from ancient sand dunes in which wind direction changed from time to time. [SEP] we have a good explanation for how the Navajo sandstone formed .
This is just one example of how geologists use observations they make today to unravel what happened in Earths past. Rocks formed from volcanoes, oceans, rivers, and many other features are deciphered by looking at the geological work those features do today. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] looking at the geological work those features do today
This is just one example of how geologists use observations they make today to unravel what happened in Earths past. Rocks formed from volcanoes, oceans, rivers, and many other features are deciphered by looking at the geological work those features do today. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] Rocks formed from volcanoes , oceans , rivers , and many other features are deciphered
He called this the principle of uniformitarianism. It is that if we can understand a geological process now and we find evidence of that same Checkerboard Mesa in Zion National Park, Utah. process in the past, then we can assume that the process operated the same way in the past. [SEP] we can understand a geological process now and we find evidence of that same Checkerboard Mesa in Zion National Park ,
He called this the principle of uniformitarianism. It is that if we can understand a geological process now and we find evidence of that same Checkerboard Mesa in Zion National Park, Utah. process in the past, then we can assume that the process operated the same way in the past. [SEP] It is that
The Colorado River cuts through all the layers of rock to form the canyon. Based on the principle of cross- cutting relationships, the river must be younger than all of the rock layers that it cuts through.  [SEP] the principle of cross - cutting relationships
The Colorado River cuts through all the layers of rock to form the canyon. Based on the principle of cross- cutting relationships, the river must be younger than all of the rock layers that it cuts through.  [SEP] the river must be younger than all of the rock layers that it cuts through .
He wanted to explain how that could occur. Steno proposed that if a rock contained the fossils of marine animals, the rock formed from sediments that were deposited on the seafloor. These rocks were then uplifted to become mountains. [SEP] a rock contained the fossils of marine animals
He wanted to explain how that could occur. Steno proposed that if a rock contained the fossils of marine animals, the rock formed from sediments that were deposited on the seafloor. These rocks were then uplifted to become mountains. [SEP] the rock formed from sediments that were deposited on the seafloor .
Original horizontality: Sediments are deposited in fairly flat, horizontal layers. If a sedimentary rock is found tilted, the layer was tilted after it was formed. Lateral continuity: Sediments are deposited in continuous sheets that span the body of water that they are deposited in. [SEP] a sedimentary rock is found tilted
Original horizontality: Sediments are deposited in fairly flat, horizontal layers. If a sedimentary rock is found tilted, the layer was tilted after it was formed. Lateral continuity: Sediments are deposited in continuous sheets that span the body of water that they are deposited in. [SEP] the layer was tilted after it was formed .
Early geologists had no way to determine the absolute age of a geological material. If they didnt see it form, they couldnt know if a rock was one hundred years or 100 million years old. What they could do was determine the ages of materials relative to each other. [SEP] they didnt see it form
Early geologists had no way to determine the absolute age of a geological material. If they didnt see it form, they couldnt know if a rock was one hundred years or 100 million years old. What they could do was determine the ages of materials relative to each other. [SEP] they couldnt know if a rock was one hundred years or 100 million years old .
Early geologists had no way to determine the absolute age of a geological material. If they didnt see it form, they couldnt know if a rock was one hundred years or 100 million years old. What they could do was determine the ages of materials relative to each other. [SEP] a rock was one hundred years or 100 million years old .
Early geologists had no way to determine the absolute age of a geological material. If they didnt see it form, they couldnt know if a rock was one hundred years or 100 million years old. What they could do was determine the ages of materials relative to each other. [SEP] they couldnt know
What they could do was determine the ages of materials relative to each other. Using sensible principles they could say whether one rock was older than another and when a process occurred relative to those rocks.  [SEP] Using sensible principles
What they could do was determine the ages of materials relative to each other. Using sensible principles they could say whether one rock was older than another and when a process occurred relative to those rocks.  [SEP] they could say whether one rock was older than another and when a process occurred relative to those rocks .
The droplets gather in clouds, which are blown about the globe by wind. As the water droplets in the clouds collide and grow, they fall from the sky as precipitation. Precipitation can be rain, sleet, hail, or snow. [SEP] the water droplets in the clouds collide and grow , they fall from the sky as precipitation .
The droplets gather in clouds, which are blown about the globe by wind. As the water droplets in the clouds collide and grow, they fall from the sky as precipitation. Precipitation can be rain, sleet, hail, or snow. [SEP] The droplets gather in clouds , which are blown about the globe by wind .
The molecules move between these reservoirs by certain processes, including condensation and precipitation. There are only so many water molecules and these molecules cycle around. If climate cools and glaciers and ice caps grow, there is less water for the oceans and sea level will fall. [SEP] There are only
The molecules move between these reservoirs by certain processes, including condensation and precipitation. There are only so many water molecules and these molecules cycle around. If climate cools and glaciers and ice caps grow, there is less water for the oceans and sea level will fall. [SEP] many water molecules and these molecules cycle around . If climate cools and glaciers and ice caps grow , there is less water for the oceans and sea level will fall
There are only so many water molecules and these molecules cycle around. If climate cools and glaciers and ice caps grow, there is less water for the oceans and sea level will fall. The reverse can also happen. [SEP] climate cools and glaciers and ice caps grow
There are only so many water molecules and these molecules cycle around. If climate cools and glaciers and ice caps grow, there is less water for the oceans and sea level will fall. The reverse can also happen. [SEP] there is less water for the oceans and sea level will fall .
The Sun, many millions of kilometers away, provides the energy that drives the water cycle. Our nearest star directly impacts the water cycle by supplying the energy needed for evaporation.  [SEP] supplying the energy needed for evaporation
The Sun, many millions of kilometers away, provides the energy that drives the water cycle. Our nearest star directly impacts the water cycle by supplying the energy needed for evaporation.  [SEP] Our nearest star directly impacts the water cycle
The law gives the EPA the authority to reduce the discharge of pollution into waterways, finance wastewater treatment plants, and manage runoff. Since its passage in 1972, more wastewater treatment plants have been constructed and the release of industrial waste into the water supply is better controlled. Scientists control water pollution by sam- pling the water and studying the pollutants that are in the water. [SEP] its passage in 1972 , more wastewater treatment plants have been constructed and the release of industrial waste into the water supply is better
The law gives the EPA the authority to reduce the discharge of pollution into waterways, finance wastewater treatment plants, and manage runoff. Since its passage in 1972, more wastewater treatment plants have been constructed and the release of industrial waste into the water supply is better controlled. Scientists control water pollution by sam- pling the water and studying the pollutants that are in the water. [SEP] The law gives the EPA the authority to reduce the discharge of pollution into waterways , finance wastewater treatment plants , and manage runoff .
Scientists control water pollution by sam- pling the water and studying the pollutants that are in the water. The United Nations and other international groups are working to improve global water quality standards by pro- viding the technology for treating water. These organizations also educate people in how to protect and improve the quality of the water they use (Figure 1.1). [SEP] treating water
Scientists control water pollution by sam- pling the water and studying the pollutants that are in the water. The United Nations and other international groups are working to improve global water quality standards by pro- viding the technology for treating water. These organizations also educate people in how to protect and improve the quality of the water they use (Figure 1.1). [SEP] The United Nations and other international groups are working to improve global water quality standards by pro- viding the technology
The goal of water treatment is to make water suitable for such uses as drinking, medicine, agriculture, and industrial processes. People living in developed countries suffer from few waterborne diseases and illness, because they have extensive water treatment systems to collect, treat, and redeliver clean water. Many underdeveloped nations have few or no water treatment facilities. [SEP] they have extensive water treatment systems to collect
The goal of water treatment is to make water suitable for such uses as drinking, medicine, agriculture, and industrial processes. People living in developed countries suffer from few waterborne diseases and illness, because they have extensive water treatment systems to collect, treat, and redeliver clean water. Many underdeveloped nations have few or no water treatment facilities. [SEP] treat , and redeliver clean water .
Sewage treatment removes contaminants, such as solids and particles, from sewage. Water purification produces drinking water by removing bacteria, algae, viruses, fungi, unpleasant elements such as iron and sulfur, and man-made chemical pollutants. The treatment method used depends on the kind of wastewater being treated and the desired end result. [SEP] removing bacteria , algae , viruses , fungi , unpleasant elements such as iron and sulfur , and man-made chemical pollutants
Sewage treatment removes contaminants, such as solids and particles, from sewage. Water purification produces drinking water by removing bacteria, algae, viruses, fungi, unpleasant elements such as iron and sulfur, and man-made chemical pollutants. The treatment method used depends on the kind of wastewater being treated and the desired end result. [SEP] Water purification produces drinking water
 Some isotopes are radioactive; radioactive isotopes are unstable and spontaneously change by gaining or losing particles. Two types of radioactive decay are relevant to dating Earth materials (Table 1.1): Particle Alpha Composition 2 protons, 2 neutrons Beta 1 electron Effect on Nucleus [SEP] gaining or losing particles
 Some isotopes are radioactive; radioactive isotopes are unstable and spontaneously change by gaining or losing particles. Two types of radioactive decay are relevant to dating Earth materials (Table 1.1): Particle Alpha Composition 2 protons, 2 neutrons Beta 1 electron Effect on Nucleus [SEP] radioactive isotopes are unstable and spontaneously change
The electron is emitted. The radioactive decay of a parent isotope (the original element) leads to the formation of stable daughter product, also known as daughter isotope. As time passes, the number of parent isotopes decreases and the number of daughter isotopes increases (Figure 1.1). [SEP] The radioactive decay of a parent isotope -LRB- the original element -RRB-
The electron is emitted. The radioactive decay of a parent isotope (the original element) leads to the formation of stable daughter product, also known as daughter isotope. As time passes, the number of parent isotopes decreases and the number of daughter isotopes increases (Figure 1.1). [SEP] the formation of stable daughter product , also known as daughter isotope
 Radioactive materials decay at known rates, measured as a unit called half-life. The half-life of a radioactive substance is the amount of time it takes for half of the parent atoms to decay. [SEP] a unit called half-life .
 Radioactive materials decay at known rates, measured as a unit called half-life. The half-life of a radioactive substance is the amount of time it takes for half of the parent atoms to decay. [SEP] Radioactive materials decay at known rates , measured
How many half lives have passed? If the half-life of the parent isotope is 1 year, then how old is the rock? The decay of radioactive materials can be shown with a graph (Figure 1.2). [SEP] the half-life of the parent isotope is 1 year
How many half lives have passed? If the half-life of the parent isotope is 1 year, then how old is the rock? The decay of radioactive materials can be shown with a graph (Figure 1.2). [SEP] how old is the rock ?
Radiocarbon dating is used to find the age of once-living materials between 100 and 50,000 years old. This range is especially useful for determining ages of human fossils and habitation sites (Figure 1.1). The atmosphere contains three isotopes of carbon: carbon-12, carbon-13 and carbon-14. [SEP] determining ages of human fossils and habitation sites -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB-
Radiocarbon dating is used to find the age of once-living materials between 100 and 50,000 years old. This range is especially useful for determining ages of human fossils and habitation sites (Figure 1.1). The atmosphere contains three isotopes of carbon: carbon-12, carbon-13 and carbon-14. [SEP] This range is especially useful
Animals consume this carbon when they eat plants or other animals that have eaten plants. After the organisms death, the carbon-14 decays to stable nitrogen-14 by releasing a beta particle. The nitrogen atoms are lost to the atmosphere, but the amount of carbon-14 that has decayed can be estimated by measuring the proportion of radioactive carbon-14 to stable carbon- 12. [SEP] releasing a beta particle
Animals consume this carbon when they eat plants or other animals that have eaten plants. After the organisms death, the carbon-14 decays to stable nitrogen-14 by releasing a beta particle. The nitrogen atoms are lost to the atmosphere, but the amount of carbon-14 that has decayed can be estimated by measuring the proportion of radioactive carbon-14 to stable carbon- 12. [SEP] After the organisms death , the carbon-14 decays to stable nitrogen-14
After the organisms death, the carbon-14 decays to stable nitrogen-14 by releasing a beta particle. The nitrogen atoms are lost to the atmosphere, but the amount of carbon-14 that has decayed can be estimated by measuring the proportion of radioactive carbon-14 to stable carbon- 12. As time passes, the amount of carbon-14 decreases relative to the amount of carbon-12. [SEP] measuring the proportion of radioactive carbon-14 to stable carbon - 12
After the organisms death, the carbon-14 decays to stable nitrogen-14 by releasing a beta particle. The nitrogen atoms are lost to the atmosphere, but the amount of carbon-14 that has decayed can be estimated by measuring the proportion of radioactive carbon-14 to stable carbon- 12. As time passes, the amount of carbon-14 decreases relative to the amount of carbon-12. [SEP] the atmosphere , but the amount of carbon-14 that has decayed can be estimated
The nitrogen atoms are lost to the atmosphere, but the amount of carbon-14 that has decayed can be estimated by measuring the proportion of radioactive carbon-14 to stable carbon- 12. As time passes, the amount of carbon-14 decreases relative to the amount of carbon-12. Carbon isotopes from the black material in these cave paintings places their cre- ating at about 26,000 to 27,000 years [SEP] time passes , the amount of carbon-14 decreases relative to the amount of carbon-12 .
The nitrogen atoms are lost to the atmosphere, but the amount of carbon-14 that has decayed can be estimated by measuring the proportion of radioactive carbon-14 to stable carbon- 12. As time passes, the amount of carbon-14 decreases relative to the amount of carbon-12. Carbon isotopes from the black material in these cave paintings places their cre- ating at about 26,000 to 27,000 years [SEP] but the amount of carbon-14 that has decayed can be estimated by measuring the proportion of radioactive carbon-14 to stable carbon - 12 .
Potassium-40 decays to argon-40 with a half-life of 1.26 billion years. Argon is a gas so it can escape from molten magma, meaning that any argon that is found in an igneous crystal probably formed as a result of the decay of potassium-40. Measuring the ratio of potassium-40 to argon-40 yields a good estimate of the age of that crystal. [SEP] Argon is a gas
Potassium-40 decays to argon-40 with a half-life of 1.26 billion years. Argon is a gas so it can escape from molten magma, meaning that any argon that is found in an igneous crystal probably formed as a result of the decay of potassium-40. Measuring the ratio of potassium-40 to argon-40 yields a good estimate of the age of that crystal. [SEP] it can escape from molten magma , meaning that any argon that is found in an igneous crystal probably formed as a result of the decay of potassium-40 .
Potassium-40 decays to argon-40 with a half-life of 1.26 billion years. Argon is a gas so it can escape from molten magma, meaning that any argon that is found in an igneous crystal probably formed as a result of the decay of potassium-40. Measuring the ratio of potassium-40 to argon-40 yields a good estimate of the age of that crystal. [SEP] the decay of potassium-40
Potassium-40 decays to argon-40 with a half-life of 1.26 billion years. Argon is a gas so it can escape from molten magma, meaning that any argon that is found in an igneous crystal probably formed as a result of the decay of potassium-40. Measuring the ratio of potassium-40 to argon-40 yields a good estimate of the age of that crystal. [SEP] it can escape from molten magma , meaning that any argon that is found in an igneous crystal probably formed
With its half-life, the technique is used to date rocks from 100,000 years to over a billion years old. The technique has been useful for dating fairly young geological materials and deposits containing the bones of human ancestors.  [SEP] dating fairly young geological materials and deposits containing the bones of human ancestors
With its half-life, the technique is used to date rocks from 100,000 years to over a billion years old. The technique has been useful for dating fairly young geological materials and deposits containing the bones of human ancestors.  [SEP] The technique has been useful
One way is to constrain a material that cannot be dated by one or more that can. For example, if sedimentary rock A is below volcanic rock B and the age of volcanic rock B is 2.0 million years, then you know that sedimentary rock A is older than 2.0 million years. If sedimentary rock A is above volcanic rock C and its age is 2.5 million years [SEP] sedimentary rock A is below volcanic rock B and the age of volcanic rock B is 2.0 million years
One way is to constrain a material that cannot be dated by one or more that can. For example, if sedimentary rock A is below volcanic rock B and the age of volcanic rock B is 2.0 million years, then you know that sedimentary rock A is older than 2.0 million years. If sedimentary rock A is above volcanic rock C and its age is 2.5 million years [SEP] then you know that sedimentary rock A is older than 2.0 million
 Radiometric dating is a very useful tool for dating geological materials but it does have limits: 1. The material being dated must have measurable amounts of the parent and/or the daughter isotopes. [SEP] dating geological materials
 Radiometric dating is a very useful tool for dating geological materials but it does have limits: 1. The material being dated must have measurable amounts of the parent and/or the daughter isotopes. [SEP] Radiometric dating is a very useful tool
The material being dated must have measurable amounts of the parent and/or the daughter isotopes. Ideally, different radiometric techniques are used to date the same sample; if the calculated ages agree, they are thought to be accurate. 2. [SEP] the calculated ages agree
The material being dated must have measurable amounts of the parent and/or the daughter isotopes. Ideally, different radiometric techniques are used to date the same sample; if the calculated ages agree, they are thought to be accurate. 2. [SEP] they are thought to be accurate .
2. Radiometric dating is not very useful for determining the age of sedimentary rocks. To estimate the age of a sedimentary rock, geologists find nearby igneous rocks that can be dated and use relative dating to constrain the age of the sedimentary rock. [SEP] determining the age of sedimentary rocks
2. Radiometric dating is not very useful for determining the age of sedimentary rocks. To estimate the age of a sedimentary rock, geologists find nearby igneous rocks that can be dated and use relative dating to constrain the age of the sedimentary rock. [SEP] Radiometric dating is not very useful
When zircon forms in an igneous rock, the crystals readily accept atoms of uranium but reject atoms of lead. If any lead is found in a zircon crystal, it can be assumed that it was produced from the decay of uranium. Uranium-lead dating is useful for dating igneous rocks from 1 million years to around 4.6 billion years old. [SEP] any lead is found in a zircon crystal
When zircon forms in an igneous rock, the crystals readily accept atoms of uranium but reject atoms of lead. If any lead is found in a zircon crystal, it can be assumed that it was produced from the decay of uranium. Uranium-lead dating is useful for dating igneous rocks from 1 million years to around 4.6 billion years old. [SEP] it can be assumed that it was produced from the decay of uranium .
If any lead is found in a zircon crystal, it can be assumed that it was produced from the decay of uranium. Uranium-lead dating is useful for dating igneous rocks from 1 million years to around 4.6 billion years old. Zircon crystals from Australia are 4.4 billion years old, among the oldest rocks on the planet. [SEP] dating igneous rocks from 1 million years to around 4.6 billion years old
If any lead is found in a zircon crystal, it can be assumed that it was produced from the decay of uranium. Uranium-lead dating is useful for dating igneous rocks from 1 million years to around 4.6 billion years old. Zircon crystals from Australia are 4.4 billion years old, among the oldest rocks on the planet. [SEP] Uranium-lead dating is useful
Using energy efficient light bulbs and appliances. Buying fewer things that are manufactured using fossil fuels. All these actions reduce the amount of energy that power plants need to produce. [SEP] Buying fewer things
Using energy efficient light bulbs and appliances. Buying fewer things that are manufactured using fossil fuels. All these actions reduce the amount of energy that power plants need to produce. [SEP] that are manufactured using fossil fuels .
Solar and wind are still expensive relative to using fossil fuels. The technology needs to advance so that the price falls. Some areas get low amounts of sunlight and are not suited for solar. [SEP] The technology needs to advance
Solar and wind are still expensive relative to using fossil fuels. The technology needs to advance so that the price falls. Some areas get low amounts of sunlight and are not suited for solar. [SEP] the price falls .
Although the technology is ready, clean coal plants are more expensive to construct and operate. Also, heating the coal to high enough temperatures uses a great deal of energy, so the technology is not energy efficient. In addition, large amounts of the greenhouse gas CO2 are still released with clean coal technology. [SEP] , heating the coal to high enough temperatures uses a great deal of energy
Although the technology is ready, clean coal plants are more expensive to construct and operate. Also, heating the coal to high enough temperatures uses a great deal of energy, so the technology is not energy efficient. In addition, large amounts of the greenhouse gas CO2 are still released with clean coal technology. [SEP] the technology is not energy efficient .
Removing these oxides reduces the pollutants that cause acid rain. Particles are relatively easy to remove from emissions by using motion or electricity to separate particles from the gases. Scrubbers remove particles and waste gases from exhaust using liquids or neutralizing materials [SEP] using motion or electricity to separate particles from the gases
Removing these oxides reduces the pollutants that cause acid rain. Particles are relatively easy to remove from emissions by using motion or electricity to separate particles from the gases. Scrubbers remove particles and waste gases from exhaust using liquids or neutralizing materials [SEP] Particles are relatively easy to remove from emissions
Breaking down pollutants before they are released into the atmosphere. Motor vehicles emit less pollution than they once did because of catalytic converters (Figure 1.1). Catalytic converters contain a catalyst that speeds up chemical reactions and breaks down nitrous oxides, carbon monoxide, and VOCs. [SEP] Motor vehicles emit less pollution than they once did
Breaking down pollutants before they are released into the atmosphere. Motor vehicles emit less pollution than they once did because of catalytic converters (Figure 1.1). Catalytic converters contain a catalyst that speeds up chemical reactions and breaks down nitrous oxides, carbon monoxide, and VOCs. [SEP] . Catalytic converters contain a catalyst that speeds up chemical reactions and breaks down nitrous oxides , carbon monoxide , and VOCs
Catalytic converters contain a catalyst that speeds up chemical reactions and breaks down nitrous oxides, carbon monoxide, and VOCs. Catalytic converters only work when they are hot, so a lot of exhaust escapes as the car is warming up. Catalytic converters are placed on mod- ern cars in the United States. [SEP] Catalytic converters only work when they are hot
Catalytic converters contain a catalyst that speeds up chemical reactions and breaks down nitrous oxides, carbon monoxide, and VOCs. Catalytic converters only work when they are hot, so a lot of exhaust escapes as the car is warming up. Catalytic converters are placed on mod- ern cars in the United States. [SEP] a lot of exhaust escapes as the car is warming
A plug-in hybrid is plugged into an electricity source when it is not in use, perhaps in a garage, to make sure that the battery is charged. Plug-in hybrids run for a longer time on electricity and so are less polluting than regular hybrids. Plug-in hybrids began to become available in 2010. [SEP] Plug-in hybrids run for a longer time on electricity
A plug-in hybrid is plugged into an electricity source when it is not in use, perhaps in a garage, to make sure that the battery is charged. Plug-in hybrids run for a longer time on electricity and so are less polluting than regular hybrids. Plug-in hybrids began to become available in 2010. [SEP] are less polluting than regular hybrids .
Plug-in hybrids began to become available in 2010. Developing new technologies that do not use fossil fuels. Fueling a car with something other than a liquid organic-based fuel is difficult. [SEP] Developing new technologies
Plug-in hybrids began to become available in 2010. Developing new technologies that do not use fossil fuels. Fueling a car with something other than a liquid organic-based fuel is difficult. [SEP] that do not use fossil fuels .
Fuel cells are extremely efficient and they produce no pollutants. But developing fuel-cell technology has had many problems and no one knows when or if they will become practical.  [SEP] they will become practical .
Fuel cells are extremely efficient and they produce no pollutants. But developing fuel-cell technology has had many problems and no one knows when or if they will become practical.  [SEP] But developing fuel-cell technology has had many problems and no one knows when or
More hazardous substances are phased out more quickly. CFCs have been mostly phased out since 1995, although were used in developing nations until 2010. Some of the less hazardous substances will not be phased out until 2030. [SEP] 1995 , although were used in developing nations until
More hazardous substances are phased out more quickly. CFCs have been mostly phased out since 1995, although were used in developing nations until 2010. Some of the less hazardous substances will not be phased out until 2030. [SEP] CFCs have been mostly phased out
Ozone levels over North America decreased between 1974 and 2009. Models of the future predict what ozone levels would have been if CFCs were not being phased out. Warmer colors indicate more ozone. [SEP] CFCs were not being phased out .
Ozone levels over North America decreased between 1974 and 2009. Models of the future predict what ozone levels would have been if CFCs were not being phased out. Warmer colors indicate more ozone. [SEP] Models of the future predict what ozone levels would have been
Models of the future predict what ozone levels would have been if CFCs were not being phased out. Warmer colors indicate more ozone. Since CFCs take many years to reach the stratosphere and can survive there a long time before they break down, the ozone hole will probably continue to grow for some time before it begins to shrink. [SEP] Warmer colors
Models of the future predict what ozone levels would have been if CFCs were not being phased out. Warmer colors indicate more ozone. Since CFCs take many years to reach the stratosphere and can survive there a long time before they break down, the ozone hole will probably continue to grow for some time before it begins to shrink. [SEP] more ozone
Warmer colors indicate more ozone. Since CFCs take many years to reach the stratosphere and can survive there a long time before they break down, the ozone hole will probably continue to grow for some time before it begins to shrink. The ozone layer will reach the same levels it had before 1980 around 2068 and 1950 levels in one or two centuries. [SEP] CFCs take many
Warmer colors indicate more ozone. Since CFCs take many years to reach the stratosphere and can survive there a long time before they break down, the ozone hole will probably continue to grow for some time before it begins to shrink. The ozone layer will reach the same levels it had before 1980 around 2068 and 1950 levels in one or two centuries. [SEP] the ozone hole will probably continue to grow for some
Certainly no one today doubts that Earth orbits a star, the Sun. Photos taken from space, observations made by astronauts, and the fact that there has been so much successful space exploration that depends on understanding the structure of the solar system all confirm it. But in the early 17th century saying that Earth orbited the Sun rather than the reverse could get you tried for heresy, as it did Galileo. [SEP] Photos taken from space , observations made by astronauts , and the fact that there has been so much
Certainly no one today doubts that Earth orbits a star, the Sun. Photos taken from space, observations made by astronauts, and the fact that there has been so much successful space exploration that depends on understanding the structure of the solar system all confirm it. But in the early 17th century saying that Earth orbited the Sun rather than the reverse could get you tried for heresy, as it did Galileo. [SEP] depends on understanding the structure of the solar system all confirm it .
Photos taken from space, observations made by astronauts, and the fact that there has been so much successful space exploration that depends on understanding the structure of the solar system all confirm it. But in the early 17th century saying that Earth orbited the Sun rather than the reverse could get you tried for heresy, as it did Galileo. Lets explore the evolution of the idea that Earth orbits the Sun. [SEP] it did Galileo .
Photos taken from space, observations made by astronauts, and the fact that there has been so much successful space exploration that depends on understanding the structure of the solar system all confirm it. But in the early 17th century saying that Earth orbited the Sun rather than the reverse could get you tried for heresy, as it did Galileo. Lets explore the evolution of the idea that Earth orbits the Sun. [SEP] the early 17th century saying that Earth orbited the Sun rather than the reverse could get you tried for heresy
An outer sphere holds all the stars. Since the planets appear to move much faster than the stars, the Greeks placed them closer to Earth. The geocentric model explained why all the stars appear to rotate around Earth once per day. [SEP] the planets appear to move much faster than the stars
An outer sphere holds all the stars. Since the planets appear to move much faster than the stars, the Greeks placed them closer to Earth. The geocentric model explained why all the stars appear to rotate around Earth once per day. [SEP] the Greeks placed them closer to Earth .
One problem with the geocentric model is that some planets seem to move backwards (in retrograde) instead of in their usual forward motion around Earth. Around 150 A.D. the astronomer Ptolemy resolved this problem by using a system of circles to describe the motion of planets (Figure 1.1). In Ptolemys system, a planet moves in a small circle, called an epicycle. [SEP] using a system of circles to describe the motion of planets -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB-
One problem with the geocentric model is that some planets seem to move backwards (in retrograde) instead of in their usual forward motion around Earth. Around 150 A.D. the astronomer Ptolemy resolved this problem by using a system of circles to describe the motion of planets (Figure 1.1). In Ptolemys system, a planet moves in a small circle, called an epicycle. [SEP] the astronomer Ptolemy resolved this problem
This circle moves around Earth in a larger circle, called a deferent. Ptolemys version of the geocentric model worked so well that it remained the accepted model of the universe for more than a thousand years.  [SEP] Ptolemys version of the geocentric model worked so well
This circle moves around Earth in a larger circle, called a deferent. Ptolemys version of the geocentric model worked so well that it remained the accepted model of the universe for more than a thousand years.  [SEP] it remained the accepted model of the universe for more than a thousand years .
Rocks are made of minerals. The mineral grains in a rock may be so tiny that you can only see them with a microscope, or they may be as big as your fingernail or even your finger (Figure Rocks are identified primarily by the minerals they contain and by their texture. [SEP] The mineral grains in a rock may be so tiny
Rocks are made of minerals. The mineral grains in a rock may be so tiny that you can only see them with a microscope, or they may be as big as your fingernail or even your finger (Figure Rocks are identified primarily by the minerals they contain and by their texture. [SEP] you can only see them with a microscope , or they may be as big as your fingernail or even your finger
tiny or microscopic Magma erupted and cooled quickly Andesite As seen in Table 1.1, these two rocks have the same chemical composition and contain mostly the same minerals, but they do not have the same texture. Sample 1 has visible mineral grains, but Sample 2 has very tiny or invisible grains. [SEP] seen in Table 1.1 , these two rocks have the same chemical composition and contain mostly the same minerals , but they
tiny or microscopic Magma erupted and cooled quickly Andesite As seen in Table 1.1, these two rocks have the same chemical composition and contain mostly the same minerals, but they do not have the same texture. Sample 1 has visible mineral grains, but Sample 2 has very tiny or invisible grains. [SEP] Magma erupted and cooled quickly Andesite
Sample 1 has visible mineral grains, but Sample 2 has very tiny or invisible grains. The two different textures indicate different histories. Sample 1 is a diorite, a rock that cooled slowly from magma (molten rock) underground. [SEP] The two different textures
Sample 1 has visible mineral grains, but Sample 2 has very tiny or invisible grains. The two different textures indicate different histories. Sample 1 is a diorite, a rock that cooled slowly from magma (molten rock) underground. [SEP] different histories
Sample 2 is an andesite, a rock that cooled rapidly from a very similar magma that erupted onto Earths surface. A few rocks are not made of minerals because the material they are made of does not fit the definition of a mineral. Coal, for example, is made of organic material, which is not a mineral. [SEP] the material they are made of does not fit the definition of a mineral .
Sample 2 is an andesite, a rock that cooled rapidly from a very similar magma that erupted onto Earths surface. A few rocks are not made of minerals because the material they are made of does not fit the definition of a mineral. Coal, for example, is made of organic material, which is not a mineral. [SEP] A few rocks are not made of minerals
Magma cools either underground or on the surface and hardens into an igneous rock. As the magma cools, different crystals form at different temperatures, undergoing crystallization. For example, the mineral olivine crystallizes out of magma at much higher temperatures than quartz. [SEP] the magma cools , different crystals form at different temperatures , undergoing crystallization .
Magma cools either underground or on the surface and hardens into an igneous rock. As the magma cools, different crystals form at different temperatures, undergoing crystallization. For example, the mineral olivine crystallizes out of magma at much higher temperatures than quartz. [SEP] Magma cools either underground or on the surface and hardens into an igneous rock .
Arrows connecting the rock types represent the processes that accomplish these changes. Rocks change as a result of natural processes that are taking place all the time. Most changes happen very slowly. [SEP] natural processes
Arrows connecting the rock types represent the processes that accomplish these changes. Rocks change as a result of natural processes that are taking place all the time. Most changes happen very slowly. [SEP] Rocks change
Metamorphism may change the mineral composition and the texture of the rock. For that reason, a metamorphic rock may have a new mineral composition and/or texture.  [SEP] Metamorphism may change the mineral composition and the texture of the rock
Metamorphism may change the mineral composition and the texture of the rock. For that reason, a metamorphic rock may have a new mineral composition and/or texture.  [SEP] a metamorphic rock may have a new mineral composition and/or texture .
Different places experience sunset and sunrise at different times and the amount of daylight and darkness also differs by location. Shadows are areas where an object obstructs a light source so that darkness takes on the form of the object. On Earth, a shadow can be cast by the Sun, Moon, or (rarely) Mercury or Venus. [SEP] Shadows are areas where an object obstructs a light source
Different places experience sunset and sunrise at different times and the amount of daylight and darkness also differs by location. Shadows are areas where an object obstructs a light source so that darkness takes on the form of the object. On Earth, a shadow can be cast by the Sun, Moon, or (rarely) Mercury or Venus. [SEP] darkness takes on the form of the object .
This imaginary line is called an axis. Earth spins around its axis, just as a top spins around its spindle. This spinning movement is called Earths rotation. [SEP] a top spins around its spindle .
This imaginary line is called an axis. Earth spins around its axis, just as a top spins around its spindle. This spinning movement is called Earths rotation. [SEP] Earth spins around its axis , just
An observer in space will see that Earth requires 23 hours, 59 minutes, and 4 seconds to make one complete rotation on its axis. But because Earth moves around the Sun at the same time that it is rotating, the planet must turn just a little bit more to reach the same place relative to the Sun. Hence the length of a day on Earth is actually 24 hours. [SEP] Earth moves around the Sun at the same time that it is rotating
An observer in space will see that Earth requires 23 hours, 59 minutes, and 4 seconds to make one complete rotation on its axis. But because Earth moves around the Sun at the same time that it is rotating, the planet must turn just a little bit more to reach the same place relative to the Sun. Hence the length of a day on Earth is actually 24 hours. [SEP] the planet must turn just a little bit more to reach the same place relative to the Sun .
But because Earth moves around the Sun at the same time that it is rotating, the planet must turn just a little bit more to reach the same place relative to the Sun. Hence the length of a day on Earth is actually 24 hours. At the Equator, the Earth rotates at a speed of about 1,700 km per hour, but at the poles the movement speed is nearly nothing. [SEP] But because Earth moves around the Sun at the same time that it is rotating , the planet must turn just a little bit more to reach the same place relative to the Sun
But because Earth moves around the Sun at the same time that it is rotating, the planet must turn just a little bit more to reach the same place relative to the Sun. Hence the length of a day on Earth is actually 24 hours. At the Equator, the Earth rotates at a speed of about 1,700 km per hour, but at the poles the movement speed is nearly nothing. [SEP] the length of a day on Earth is actually 24 hours .
Waterborne disease caused by unsafe drinking water is the leading cause of death for children under the age of five in many nations and a cause of death and illness for many adults. About 88% of all diseases are caused by drinking unsafe water (Figure 1.1). Throughout the world, more than 14,000 people die every day from waterborne diseases, such as cholera, and many of the worlds hospital beds are occupied by patients suffering from a waterborne disease. [SEP] drinking unsafe water -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB-
Waterborne disease caused by unsafe drinking water is the leading cause of death for children under the age of five in many nations and a cause of death and illness for many adults. About 88% of all diseases are caused by drinking unsafe water (Figure 1.1). Throughout the world, more than 14,000 people die every day from waterborne diseases, such as cholera, and many of the worlds hospital beds are occupied by patients suffering from a waterborne disease. [SEP] About 88 % of all diseases are caused
 The water that comes out of our faucets is safe because it has gone through a series of treatment and purification processes to remove contaminants. Those of us who are fortunate enough to always be able to get clean water from a tap in our home may have trouble imagining life in a country that cannot afford the technology to treat and purify water. [SEP] it has gone through a series of treatment and purification processes to remove contaminants .
 The water that comes out of our faucets is safe because it has gone through a series of treatment and purification processes to remove contaminants. Those of us who are fortunate enough to always be able to get clean water from a tap in our home may have trouble imagining life in a country that cannot afford the technology to treat and purify water. [SEP] The water that comes out of our faucets is safe
Atlantis on the launch pad in 2006. Since 1981, the space shuttle has been the United States primary vehicle for carrying people and large equipment into space.  [SEP] carrying people and large equipment into space
Atlantis on the launch pad in 2006. Since 1981, the space shuttle has been the United States primary vehicle for carrying people and large equipment into space.  [SEP] Since 1981 , the space shuttle has been the United States primary vehicle
The explosion creates pressure that forces the gases out of the rocket. As these gases rush out the end, the rocket moves in the opposite direction, as predicted by Newtons Third Law of Motion. The reaction force of the gases on the rocket pushes the rocket forward. [SEP] these gases rush out the end , the rocket moves in the opposite direction , as predicted by Newtons Third Law of Motion .
The explosion creates pressure that forces the gases out of the rocket. As these gases rush out the end, the rocket moves in the opposite direction, as predicted by Newtons Third Law of Motion. The reaction force of the gases on the rocket pushes the rocket forward. [SEP] The explosion creates pressure that forces the gases out of the rocket .
In 1659, the Dutch astronomer Christian Huygens realized that the features were rings (Figure 1.2). Saturns rings circle the planets equator and appear tilted because Saturn itself is tilted about 27 degrees. The rings do not touch the planet. [SEP] Saturn itself is tilted about 27 degrees .
In 1659, the Dutch astronomer Christian Huygens realized that the features were rings (Figure 1.2). Saturns rings circle the planets equator and appear tilted because Saturn itself is tilted about 27 degrees. The rings do not touch the planet. [SEP] Saturns rings circle the planets equator and appear tilted
Saturns rings are made of particles of water and ice, with some dust and rocks (Figure 1.3). There are several gaps in the rings that scientists think have originated because the material was cleared out by the gravitational pull within the rings, or by the gravitational forces of Saturn and of moons outside the rings. The rings were likely formed by the breakup of one of Saturns moons or from material that never accreted into the planet when Saturn originally formed. [SEP] the material was cleared out by the gravitational pull within the rings , or by the gravitational forces of Saturn and of moons outside the rings .
Saturns rings are made of particles of water and ice, with some dust and rocks (Figure 1.3). There are several gaps in the rings that scientists think have originated because the material was cleared out by the gravitational pull within the rings, or by the gravitational forces of Saturn and of moons outside the rings. The rings were likely formed by the breakup of one of Saturns moons or from material that never accreted into the planet when Saturn originally formed. [SEP] There are several gaps in the rings that scientists think have originated
Titan is even larger than the planet Mercury. Scientists are interested in Titan because its atmosphere is similar to what Earths was like before life developed. Nitrogen is dominant and methane is the second most abundant gas. [SEP] its atmosphere is similar to what Earths was like before life developed .
Titan is even larger than the planet Mercury. Scientists are interested in Titan because its atmosphere is similar to what Earths was like before life developed. Nitrogen is dominant and methane is the second most abundant gas. [SEP] Scientists are interested in Titan
Lakes of liquid methane (CH4 ) and ethane (C2 H6 ) are found on Titans surface. Although conditions are similar enough to those of early Earth for scientists to speculate that extremely A color-exaggerated mosaic of Saturn and its rings taken by Cassini as Saturn eclipses the Sun. A close-up of Saturns outer C ring show- ing areas with higher particle concentra- tion and gaps. [SEP] Saturn eclipses the Sun .
Lakes of liquid methane (CH4 ) and ethane (C2 H6 ) are found on Titans surface. Although conditions are similar enough to those of early Earth for scientists to speculate that extremely A color-exaggerated mosaic of Saturn and its rings taken by Cassini as Saturn eclipses the Sun. A close-up of Saturns outer C ring show- ing areas with higher particle concentra- tion and gaps. [SEP] conditions are similar enough to those of early Earth for scientists to speculate that extremely A color-exaggerated mosaic of Saturn and its rings taken by Cassini
Models help scientists understand, analyze, and make predictions about systems that would be impossible to study as a whole. If a scientist wants to understand how rising CO2 levels will affect climate, it will be easier to model a smaller portion of that system. For example, he may model how higher levels of CO2 affect plant growth and the effect that will have on climate. [SEP] a scientist wants to understand how rising CO2 levels will affect climate
Models help scientists understand, analyze, and make predictions about systems that would be impossible to study as a whole. If a scientist wants to understand how rising CO2 levels will affect climate, it will be easier to model a smaller portion of that system. For example, he may model how higher levels of CO2 affect plant growth and the effect that will have on climate. [SEP] it will be easier to model a smaller portion of that system .
 How can scientists know if a model designed to predict the future is likely to be accurate, since it may not be possible to wait long enough to see if the prediction comes true? One way is to run the model using a time in the past as the starting point see if the model can accurately predict the present. [SEP] it may not be possible to wait long enough to see if the prediction comes true ?
 How can scientists know if a model designed to predict the future is likely to be accurate, since it may not be possible to wait long enough to see if the prediction comes true? One way is to run the model using a time in the past as the starting point see if the model can accurately predict the present. [SEP] is likely to be accurate
 How can scientists know if a model designed to predict the future is likely to be accurate, since it may not be possible to wait long enough to see if the prediction comes true? One way is to run the model using a time in the past as the starting point see if the model can accurately predict the present. [SEP] the prediction comes true ?
 How can scientists know if a model designed to predict the future is likely to be accurate, since it may not be possible to wait long enough to see if the prediction comes true? One way is to run the model using a time in the past as the starting point see if the model can accurately predict the present. [SEP] it may not be possible to wait long enough to see
How can scientists know if a model designed to predict the future is likely to be accurate, since it may not be possible to wait long enough to see if the prediction comes true? One way is to run the model using a time in the past as the starting point see if the model can accurately predict the present. A model that can successfully predict the present is more likely to be accurate when predicting the future. [SEP] the starting point see if the model can accurately predict the present .
How can scientists know if a model designed to predict the future is likely to be accurate, since it may not be possible to wait long enough to see if the prediction comes true? One way is to run the model using a time in the past as the starting point see if the model can accurately predict the present. A model that can successfully predict the present is more likely to be accurate when predicting the future. [SEP] One way is to run the model using a time in the past
How can scientists know if a model designed to predict the future is likely to be accurate, since it may not be possible to wait long enough to see if the prediction comes true? One way is to run the model using a time in the past as the starting point see if the model can accurately predict the present. A model that can successfully predict the present is more likely to be accurate when predicting the future. [SEP] the model can accurately predict the present .
How can scientists know if a model designed to predict the future is likely to be accurate, since it may not be possible to wait long enough to see if the prediction comes true? One way is to run the model using a time in the past as the starting point see if the model can accurately predict the present. A model that can successfully predict the present is more likely to be accurate when predicting the future. [SEP] the starting point see
A model that can successfully predict the present is more likely to be accurate when predicting the future. Many models are created on computers because only computers can handle and manipulate such enormous amounts of data. For example, climate models are very useful for trying to determine what types of changes we can expect as the composition of the atmosphere changes. [SEP] only computers can handle and manipulate such enormous amounts of data .
A model that can successfully predict the present is more likely to be accurate when predicting the future. Many models are created on computers because only computers can handle and manipulate such enormous amounts of data. For example, climate models are very useful for trying to determine what types of changes we can expect as the composition of the atmosphere changes. [SEP] Many models are created on computers
 Since models are simpler than real objects or systems, they have limitations. A model deals with only a portion of a system. [SEP] models are simpler than real objects or systems
 Since models are simpler than real objects or systems, they have limitations. A model deals with only a portion of a system. [SEP] they have
The lava oozed up and forced the existing seafloor away from the rift in opposite directions. Since magnetite crystals point in the direction of the magnetic north pole as the lava cools, the different stripes of magnetic polarity revealed the different ages of the seafloor. The seafloor at the ridge is from the Brunhes normal; beyond that is basalt from the Matuyama reverse; and beyond that from the Gauss normal. [SEP] magnetite crystals point in the direction of the magnetic north pole as the lava cools
The lava oozed up and forced the existing seafloor away from the rift in opposite directions. Since magnetite crystals point in the direction of the magnetic north pole as the lava cools, the different stripes of magnetic polarity revealed the different ages of the seafloor. The seafloor at the ridge is from the Brunhes normal; beyond that is basalt from the Matuyama reverse; and beyond that from the Gauss normal. [SEP] the different stripes of magnetic polarity revealed the different
Hess called this idea seafloor spreading. As oceanic crust forms and spreads, moving away from the ridge crest, it pushes the continent away from the ridge axis. If the oceanic crust reaches a deep sea trench, it sinks into the trench and is lost into the mantle. [SEP] oceanic crust forms and spreads , moving away from the ridge crest , it pushes the continent away from the ridge axis .
Hess called this idea seafloor spreading. As oceanic crust forms and spreads, moving away from the ridge crest, it pushes the continent away from the ridge axis. If the oceanic crust reaches a deep sea trench, it sinks into the trench and is lost into the mantle. [SEP] Hess called this idea seafloor spreading .
As oceanic crust forms and spreads, moving away from the ridge crest, it pushes the continent away from the ridge axis. If the oceanic crust reaches a deep sea trench, it sinks into the trench and is lost into the mantle. The oldest crust is coldest and lies deepest in the ocean because it is less buoyant than the hot new crust. [SEP] the oceanic crust reaches a deep sea trench
As oceanic crust forms and spreads, moving away from the ridge crest, it pushes the continent away from the ridge axis. If the oceanic crust reaches a deep sea trench, it sinks into the trench and is lost into the mantle. The oldest crust is coldest and lies deepest in the ocean because it is less buoyant than the hot new crust. [SEP] it sinks into the trench and is lost into the mantle .
If the oceanic crust reaches a deep sea trench, it sinks into the trench and is lost into the mantle. The oldest crust is coldest and lies deepest in the ocean because it is less buoyant than the hot new crust. Hess could also use seafloor spreading to explain the flat topped guyots. [SEP] it is less buoyant than the hot new crust .
If the oceanic crust reaches a deep sea trench, it sinks into the trench and is lost into the mantle. The oldest crust is coldest and lies deepest in the ocean because it is less buoyant than the hot new crust. Hess could also use seafloor spreading to explain the flat topped guyots. [SEP] The oldest crust is coldest and lies deepest in the ocean
He suggested that they were once active volcanoes that were exposed to erosion above sea level. As the seafloor they sat on moved away from the ridge, the crust on which they sat become less buoyant and the guyots moved deeper beneath sea level.  [SEP] the seafloor they sat on moved away from the ridge , the crust on which they sat become less buoyant and the guyots moved deeper beneath sea level .
He suggested that they were once active volcanoes that were exposed to erosion above sea level. As the seafloor they sat on moved away from the ridge, the crust on which they sat become less buoyant and the guyots moved deeper beneath sea level.  [SEP] He suggested that they were once active volcanoes that were exposed to erosion above sea level .
The axis of rotation is pointed toward Polaris, the North Star. As the Earth orbits the Sun, the tilt of Earths axis stays lined up with the North Star. [SEP] the Earth orbits the Sun , the tilt of Earths
The axis of rotation is pointed toward Polaris, the North Star. As the Earth orbits the Sun, the tilt of Earths axis stays lined up with the North Star. [SEP] The axis of rotation is pointed toward Polaris , the North Star .
Solstice refers to the position of the Sun when it is closest to one of the poles. At summer solstice, June 21 or 22, Earths axis points toward the Sun and so the Sun is directly overhead at its furthest north point of the year, the Tropic of Cancer (23.5o N). During the summer, areas north of the Equator experience longer days and shorter nights. [SEP] , Earths axis points toward the Sun
Solstice refers to the position of the Sun when it is closest to one of the poles. At summer solstice, June 21 or 22, Earths axis points toward the Sun and so the Sun is directly overhead at its furthest north point of the year, the Tropic of Cancer (23.5o N). During the summer, areas north of the Equator experience longer days and shorter nights. [SEP] the Sun is directly overhead at its furthest north point of the year , the Tropic of Cancer -LRB- 23.5 o N -RRB- .
In the Southern Hemi- sphere, the Sun is as far away as it will be and so it is their winter. Locations will have longer nights and shorter days. [SEP] In the Southern Hemi - sphere , the Sun is as far away as it will be
In the Southern Hemi- sphere, the Sun is as far away as it will be and so it is their winter. Locations will have longer nights and shorter days. [SEP] it is their winter .
The tilt of Earths axis points away from the Sun (Figure 1.3). Light from the Sun is spread out over a larger area, so that area isnt heated as much. With fewer daylight hours in winter, there is also less time for the Sun to warm the area. [SEP] Light from the Sun is spread out over a larger area ,
The tilt of Earths axis points away from the Sun (Figure 1.3). Light from the Sun is spread out over a larger area, so that area isnt heated as much. With fewer daylight hours in winter, there is also less time for the Sun to warm the area. [SEP] area isnt heated as much .
Where does the salt in seawater come from? As water moves through rock and soil on land it picks up ions. This is the flip side of weathering. [SEP] water moves through rock and soil on land it picks up ions .
Where does the salt in seawater come from? As water moves through rock and soil on land it picks up ions. This is the flip side of weathering. [SEP] seawater come from ?
Ocean water is composed of many sub- stances, many of them salts such as sodium, magnesium, and calcium chlo- ride. Because of the increased salinity, the wa- ter in the Dead Sea is very dense, it has such high salinity that people can easily float in it!  [SEP] of the increased
Ocean water is composed of many sub- stances, many of them salts such as sodium, magnesium, and calcium chlo- ride. Because of the increased salinity, the wa- ter in the Dead Sea is very dense, it has such high salinity that people can easily float in it!  [SEP] the wa - ter in the Dead Sea is very dense , it has such high salinity that people can easily float in it !
 Remember that H2 O is a polar molecule, so it can dissolve many substances (Figure 1.1). Salts, sugars, acids, bases, and organic molecules can all dissolve in water. [SEP] Remember that H2 O is a polar molecule
 Remember that H2 O is a polar molecule, so it can dissolve many substances (Figure 1.1). Salts, sugars, acids, bases, and organic molecules can all dissolve in water. [SEP] it can dissolve many substances -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
One layer is deposited first, and another layer is deposited on top of it. So each layer is younger than the layer beneath it. When the sediments harden, the layers are preserved. [SEP] One layer is deposited first , and another layer is deposited on top of it
One layer is deposited first, and another layer is deposited on top of it. So each layer is younger than the layer beneath it. When the sediments harden, the layers are preserved. [SEP] each layer is younger than the layer beneath it .
Sedimentary rocks formed by the crystallization of chemical precipitates are called chemical sedimentary rocks. As discussed in the concepts on minerals, dissolved ions in fluids precipitate out of the fluid and settle out, just like the halite in Figure 1.1. The evaporite, halite, on a cobble from the Dead Sea, Israel. [SEP] discussed in the concepts on minerals , dissolved ions in fluids precipitate out of the fluid and settle out , just like the halite in Figure 1.1 .
Sedimentary rocks formed by the crystallization of chemical precipitates are called chemical sedimentary rocks. As discussed in the concepts on minerals, dissolved ions in fluids precipitate out of the fluid and settle out, just like the halite in Figure 1.1. The evaporite, halite, on a cobble from the Dead Sea, Israel. [SEP] Sedimentary rocks formed by the crystallization of chemical precipitates are called chemical sedimentary rocks .
A rushing river on a steep slope might be able to carry boulders. As this stream slows down, it no longer has the energy to carry large sediments and will drop them. A slower moving stream will only carry smaller particles. [SEP] this stream slows down , it no longer has the energy to carry large sediments and will drop them .
A rushing river on a steep slope might be able to carry boulders. As this stream slows down, it no longer has the energy to carry large sediments and will drop them. A slower moving stream will only carry smaller particles. [SEP] A rushing river on a steep slope might be able to carry boulders .
Seismologists use seismic waves to learn about earthquakes and also to learn about the Earths interior. One ingenious way scientists learn about Earths interior is by looking at earthquake waves. Seismic waves travel outward in all directions from where the ground breaks and are picked up by seismographs around the world. [SEP] looking at earthquake waves
Seismologists use seismic waves to learn about earthquakes and also to learn about the Earths interior. One ingenious way scientists learn about Earths interior is by looking at earthquake waves. Seismic waves travel outward in all directions from where the ground breaks and are picked up by seismographs around the world. [SEP] One ingenious way scientists learn about Earths interior is
Seismic waves travel outward in all directions from where the ground breaks and are picked up by seismographs around the world. Two types of seismic waves are most useful for learning about Earths interior.  [SEP] learning about Earths interior
Seismic waves travel outward in all directions from where the ground breaks and are picked up by seismographs around the world. Two types of seismic waves are most useful for learning about Earths interior.  [SEP] Two types of seismic waves are most useful
 By tracking seismic waves, scientists have learned what makes up the planets interior (Figure 1.4). P-waves slow down at the mantle core boundary, so we know the outer core is less rigid than the mantle. [SEP] tracking seismic waves
 By tracking seismic waves, scientists have learned what makes up the planets interior (Figure 1.4). P-waves slow down at the mantle core boundary, so we know the outer core is less rigid than the mantle. [SEP] , scientists have learned what makes up the planets interior -LRB- Figure 1.4 -RRB- .
By tracking seismic waves, scientists have learned what makes up the planets interior (Figure 1.4). P-waves slow down at the mantle core boundary, so we know the outer core is less rigid than the mantle. S-waves disappear at the mantle core boundary, so we know the outer core is liquid. [SEP] P-waves slow down at the mantle core boundary
By tracking seismic waves, scientists have learned what makes up the planets interior (Figure 1.4). P-waves slow down at the mantle core boundary, so we know the outer core is less rigid than the mantle. S-waves disappear at the mantle core boundary, so we know the outer core is liquid. [SEP] we know the outer core is less rigid than the mantle .
P-waves slow down at the mantle core boundary, so we know the outer core is less rigid than the mantle. S-waves disappear at the mantle core boundary, so we know the outer core is liquid.  [SEP] S-waves disappear at the mantle core boundary
P-waves slow down at the mantle core boundary, so we know the outer core is less rigid than the mantle. S-waves disappear at the mantle core boundary, so we know the outer core is liquid.  [SEP] we know the outer core is liquid .
 P-waves and S-waves are known as body waves because they move through the solid body of the Earth. P-waves travel through solids, liquids, and gases. [SEP] they move through the solid body of the Earth .
 P-waves and S-waves are known as body waves because they move through the solid body of the Earth. P-waves travel through solids, liquids, and gases. [SEP] P-waves and S-waves are known as body waves
They do not do as much damage as surface waves. P-waves (primary waves) are fastest, traveling at about 6 to 7 kilometers (about 4 miles) per second, so they arrive first at the seismometer. P-waves move in a compression/expansion type motion, squeezing and S-waves (secondary waves) are about half as fast as P-waves, traveling at about 3.5 km (2 miles) per second, and arrive second at seismographs. [SEP] P-waves -LRB- primary waves -RRB- are fastest , traveling at about 6 to 7 kilometers -LRB- about 4 miles -RRB- per second
They do not do as much damage as surface waves. P-waves (primary waves) are fastest, traveling at about 6 to 7 kilometers (about 4 miles) per second, so they arrive first at the seismometer. P-waves move in a compression/expansion type motion, squeezing and S-waves (secondary waves) are about half as fast as P-waves, traveling at about 3.5 km (2 miles) per second, and arrive second at seismographs. [SEP] they arrive first at the seismometer .
This produces a change in shape for the Earth materials they move through. Only solids resist a change in shape, so S-waves are only able to propagate through solids. S-waves cannot travel through liquid. [SEP] Only solids resist a change in shape
This produces a change in shape for the Earth materials they move through. Only solids resist a change in shape, so S-waves are only able to propagate through solids. S-waves cannot travel through liquid. [SEP] S-waves are only able to propagate through solids .
Without upwelling, nutrients are scarce and plankton populations decline. Since plankton form the base of the food web, fish cannot find food, and fish numbers decrease as well. All the animals that eat fish, including birds and humans, are affected by the decline in fish. [SEP] plankton form the base of the food web
Without upwelling, nutrients are scarce and plankton populations decline. Since plankton form the base of the food web, fish cannot find food, and fish numbers decrease as well. All the animals that eat fish, including birds and humans, are affected by the decline in fish. [SEP] fish can not find food , and fish numbers decrease as well .
All the animals that eat fish, including birds and humans, are affected by the decline in fish. By altering atmospheric and oceanic circulation, El Nio events change global climate patterns. Some regions receive more than average rainfall, including the west coast of North and South America, the southern United States, and Western Europe. [SEP] altering atmospheric and oceanic circulation
All the animals that eat fish, including birds and humans, are affected by the decline in fish. By altering atmospheric and oceanic circulation, El Nio events change global climate patterns. Some regions receive more than average rainfall, including the west coast of North and South America, the southern United States, and Western Europe. [SEP] , El Nio events change global climate patterns .
Most objects radiate infrared energy, which we feel as heat. Some of the wavelengths of solar radiation traveling through the atmosphere may be lost because they are absorbed by various gases (Figure 1.2). Ozone completely removes UVC, most UVB, and some UVA from incoming sunlight. [SEP] they are absorbed by various gases -LRB- Figure 1.2 -RRB- .
Most objects radiate infrared energy, which we feel as heat. Some of the wavelengths of solar radiation traveling through the atmosphere may be lost because they are absorbed by various gases (Figure 1.2). Ozone completely removes UVC, most UVB, and some UVA from incoming sunlight. [SEP] Some of the wavelengths of solar radiation traveling through the atmosphere may be lost
Scientists and engineers have very active, ongoing research into new ways to harness energy from the Sun more efficiently. Because of the tremendous amount of incoming sunlight, solar power is being developed in the United States in southeastern California, Nevada, and Arizona. Solar panels supply power to the Interna- tional Space Station. [SEP] Scientists and engineers have very active , ongoing research into new ways to harness energy from the Sun more efficiently
Scientists and engineers have very active, ongoing research into new ways to harness energy from the Sun more efficiently. Because of the tremendous amount of incoming sunlight, solar power is being developed in the United States in southeastern California, Nevada, and Arizona. Solar panels supply power to the Interna- tional Space Station. [SEP] , solar power is being developed in the United States in southeastern California , Nevada , and Arizona .
, surface temperature is also related to size. Bigger stars produce more energy, so their surfaces are hotter. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] Bigger stars produce more energy
, surface temperature is also related to size. Bigger stars produce more energy, so their surfaces are hotter. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] their surfaces are hotter .
 Although the stars in a constellation appear close together as we see them in our night sky, they are not at all close together out in space. In the constellation Orion, the stars visible to the naked eye are at distances ranging from just 26 light-years (which is relatively close to Earth) to several thousand light-years away. [SEP] we see them in our night sky , they are not at all close together out in space .
 Although the stars in a constellation appear close together as we see them in our night sky, they are not at all close together out in space. In the constellation Orion, the stars visible to the naked eye are at distances ranging from just 26 light-years (which is relatively close to Earth) to several thousand light-years away. [SEP] the stars in a constellation appear close together
Almost every one of these points of light is a star, a giant ball of glowing gas at a very, very high temperature. Stars differ in size, temperature, and age, but they all appear to be made up of the same elements and to behave according to the same principles.  [SEP] the same principles
Almost every one of these points of light is a star, a giant ball of glowing gas at a very, very high temperature. Stars differ in size, temperature, and age, but they all appear to be made up of the same elements and to behave according to the same principles.  [SEP] Stars differ in size , temperature , and age , but they all appear to be made up of the same elements and to behave
Although the stars move across the sky, they stay in the same patterns. This is because the apparent nightly motion of the stars is actually caused by the rotation of Earth on its axis. The patterns also shift in the sky with the seasons as Earth revolves around the Sun. [SEP] the apparent nightly motion of the stars is actually caused by the rotation of Earth on its axis .
Although the stars move across the sky, they stay in the same patterns. This is because the apparent nightly motion of the stars is actually caused by the rotation of Earth on its axis. The patterns also shift in the sky with the seasons as Earth revolves around the Sun. [SEP] Although the stars move across the sky , they stay in the same patterns
This is because the apparent nightly motion of the stars is actually caused by the rotation of Earth on its axis. The patterns also shift in the sky with the seasons as Earth revolves around the Sun. As a result, people in a particular location can see different constellations in the winter than in the summer. [SEP] Earth revolves around the Sun .
This is because the apparent nightly motion of the stars is actually caused by the rotation of Earth on its axis. The patterns also shift in the sky with the seasons as Earth revolves around the Sun. As a result, people in a particular location can see different constellations in the winter than in the summer. [SEP] The patterns also shift in the sky with the seasons
The patterns also shift in the sky with the seasons as Earth revolves around the Sun. As a result, people in a particular location can see different constellations in the winter than in the summer. For example, in the Northern Hemisphere Orion is a prominent constellation in the winter sky, but not in the summer sky. [SEP] The patterns also shift in the sky with the seasons as Earth revolves around the Sun
The patterns also shift in the sky with the seasons as Earth revolves around the Sun. As a result, people in a particular location can see different constellations in the winter than in the summer. For example, in the Northern Hemisphere Orion is a prominent constellation in the winter sky, but not in the summer sky. [SEP] people in a particular location can see different constellations in the winter than in the summer .
 Stars are made mostly of hydrogen and helium, which are packed so densely in a star that in the stars center the pressure is great enough to initiate nuclear fusion reactions. In a nuclear fusion reaction, the nuclei of two atoms combine to create a new atom. [SEP] Stars are made mostly of hydrogen and helium , which are packed so densely
 Stars are made mostly of hydrogen and helium, which are packed so densely in a star that in the stars center the pressure is great enough to initiate nuclear fusion reactions. In a nuclear fusion reaction, the nuclei of two atoms combine to create a new atom. [SEP] in the stars center the pressure is great enough to initiate nuclear fusion reactions .
Despite its simplicity, water has remarkable properties. Water expands when it freezes, has high surface tension (because of the polar nature of the molecules, they tend to stick together), and others. Without water, life might not be able to exist on Earth and it certainly would not have the tremendous complexity and diversity that we see. [SEP] Water expands when it freezes , has high surface tension -LRB-
Despite its simplicity, water has remarkable properties. Water expands when it freezes, has high surface tension (because of the polar nature of the molecules, they tend to stick together), and others. Without water, life might not be able to exist on Earth and it certainly would not have the tremendous complexity and diversity that we see. [SEP] , they tend to stick together -RRB- , and others .
(And Earth is the only planet where water is abundantly present in all three states.) Because of the ranges in temperature in specific locations around the planet, all three phases may be present in a single location or in a region. The three phases are solid (ice or snow), liquid (water), and gas (water vapor). [SEP] is the only planet where water is abundantly present in all three states . -RRB-
(And Earth is the only planet where water is abundantly present in all three states.) Because of the ranges in temperature in specific locations around the planet, all three phases may be present in a single location or in a region. The three phases are solid (ice or snow), liquid (water), and gas (water vapor). [SEP] , all three phases may be present in a single location or in a region .
Sometimes ash and gas from a large volcanic eruption may burst into the stratosphere. Once in the stratosphere, it remains suspended there for many years because there is so little mixing between the two layers.  [SEP] Once in the stratosphere , it remains suspended there for many years because there is
Sometimes ash and gas from a large volcanic eruption may burst into the stratosphere. Once in the stratosphere, it remains suspended there for many years because there is so little mixing between the two layers.  [SEP] little mixing between the two layers .
Sometimes ash and gas from a large volcanic eruption may burst into the stratosphere. Once in the stratosphere, it remains suspended there for many years because there is so little mixing between the two layers.  [SEP] there is
Sometimes ash and gas from a large volcanic eruption may burst into the stratosphere. Once in the stratosphere, it remains suspended there for many years because there is so little mixing between the two layers.  [SEP] Once in the stratosphere , it remains suspended there for many years
The ozone layer in the stratosphere absorbs high energy ultraviolet radiation, which breaks the ozone molecule (3-oxygens) apart into an oxygen molecule (2-oxygens) and an oxygen atom (1- oxygen). In the mid-stratosphere there is less UV light and so the oxygen atom and molecule recombine to from ozone. The creation of the ozone molecule releases heat. [SEP] In the mid-stratosphere there is less UV light
The ozone layer in the stratosphere absorbs high energy ultraviolet radiation, which breaks the ozone molecule (3-oxygens) apart into an oxygen molecule (2-oxygens) and an oxygen atom (1- oxygen). In the mid-stratosphere there is less UV light and so the oxygen atom and molecule recombine to from ozone. The creation of the ozone molecule releases heat. [SEP] the oxygen atom and molecule recombine to from ozone . The creation of the ozone molecule releases heat
The creation of the ozone molecule releases heat. Because warmer, less dense air sits over cooler, denser air, air in the stratosphere is stable. As a result, there is little mixing of air within the layer. [SEP] warmer , less dense air sits over cooler , denser air , air in the stratosphere is stable .
The creation of the ozone molecule releases heat. Because warmer, less dense air sits over cooler, denser air, air in the stratosphere is stable. As a result, there is little mixing of air within the layer. [SEP] The creation of the ozone molecule releases heat .
Because warmer, less dense air sits over cooler, denser air, air in the stratosphere is stable. As a result, there is little mixing of air within the layer. There is also little interaction between the troposphere and stratosphere for this reason. [SEP] Because warmer , less dense air sits over cooler , denser air , air in the stratosphere is stable
Because warmer, less dense air sits over cooler, denser air, air in the stratosphere is stable. As a result, there is little mixing of air within the layer. There is also little interaction between the troposphere and stratosphere for this reason. [SEP] there is little mixing of air within the layer .
This is a natural cycle that leaves some ozone in the stratosphere. The ozone layer is extremely important because ozone gas in the stratosphere absorbs most of the Suns harmful ultraviolet (UV) radiation. Because of this, the ozone layer protects life on Earth. [SEP] ozone gas in the stratosphere absorbs most of the Suns harmful ultraviolet -LRB- UV -RRB- radiation .
This is a natural cycle that leaves some ozone in the stratosphere. The ozone layer is extremely important because ozone gas in the stratosphere absorbs most of the Suns harmful ultraviolet (UV) radiation. Because of this, the ozone layer protects life on Earth. [SEP] The ozone layer is extremely important
The ozone layer is extremely important because ozone gas in the stratosphere absorbs most of the Suns harmful ultraviolet (UV) radiation. Because of this, the ozone layer protects life on Earth. High-energy UV light penetrates cells and damages DNA, leading to cell death (which we know as a bad sunburn). [SEP] The ozone layer is extremely important because ozone gas in the stratosphere absorbs most of the Suns harmful ultraviolet -LRB- UV -RRB- radiation
The ozone layer is extremely important because ozone gas in the stratosphere absorbs most of the Suns harmful ultraviolet (UV) radiation. Because of this, the ozone layer protects life on Earth. High-energy UV light penetrates cells and damages DNA, leading to cell death (which we know as a bad sunburn). [SEP] the ozone layer protects life on Earth .
Many streams develop curves in their channels called meanders (Figure 1.4). As the river moves onto flatter ground, the stream erodes the outer edges of its banks to carve a floodplain, which is a flat, level area surrounding the stream channel (Figure 1.5). Base level is where a stream meets a large body of standing water, usually the ocean, but sometimes a lake or pond. [SEP] the river moves onto flatter ground , the stream erodes the outer edges of its banks to carve a floodplain , which is a flat , level area surrounding the stream channel -LRB- Figure 1.5 -RRB- .
Many streams develop curves in their channels called meanders (Figure 1.4). As the river moves onto flatter ground, the stream erodes the outer edges of its banks to carve a floodplain, which is a flat, level area surrounding the stream channel (Figure 1.5). Base level is where a stream meets a large body of standing water, usually the ocean, but sometimes a lake or pond. [SEP] streams develop curves in their channels called meanders -LRB- Figure 1.4 -RRB- .
On a much grander scale, entire continents have divides, known as continental divides. A green floodplain surrounds the Red Rock River as it flows through Montana. (a) [SEP] it flows through Montana .
On a much grander scale, entire continents have divides, known as continental divides. A green floodplain surrounds the Red Rock River as it flows through Montana. (a) [SEP] A green floodplain surrounds the Red Rock River
Supervolcano eruptions are extremely rare in Earths history. Its a good thing because they are unimaginably large. A supervolcano must erupt more than 1,000 cubic km (240 cubic miles) of material, compared with 1.2 km3 for Mount St. Helens or 25 km3 for Mount Pinatubo, a large eruption in the Philippines in 1991. [SEP] they are unimaginably large .
Supervolcano eruptions are extremely rare in Earths history. Its a good thing because they are unimaginably large. A supervolcano must erupt more than 1,000 cubic km (240 cubic miles) of material, compared with 1.2 km3 for Mount St. Helens or 25 km3 for Mount Pinatubo, a large eruption in the Philippines in 1991. [SEP] eruptions are extremely rare in Earths history . Its a good thing
This creates a huge hole or caldera into which the surface collapses (Figure 1.1). The caldera at Santorini in Greece is so large that it can only be seen by satellite.  [SEP] The caldera at Santorini in Greece is so large
This creates a huge hole or caldera into which the surface collapses (Figure 1.1). The caldera at Santorini in Greece is so large that it can only be seen by satellite.  [SEP] it can only be seen by satellite .
 A supervolcano could change life on Earth as we know it. Ash could block sunlight so much that photosynthesis would be reduced and global temperatures would plummet. [SEP] we know it .
 A supervolcano could change life on Earth as we know it. Ash could block sunlight so much that photosynthesis would be reduced and global temperatures would plummet. [SEP] A supervolcano could change life on Earth
A supervolcano could change life on Earth as we know it. Ash could block sunlight so much that photosynthesis would be reduced and global temperatures would plummet. Volcanic eruptions could have contributed to some of the mass extinctions in our planets history. [SEP] Ash could block sunlight so much
A supervolcano could change life on Earth as we know it. Ash could block sunlight so much that photosynthesis would be reduced and global temperatures would plummet. Volcanic eruptions could have contributed to some of the mass extinctions in our planets history. [SEP] photosynthesis would be reduced and global temperatures would plummet .
During its five-year mission, SDO will examine the Suns magnetic field and also provide a better understanding of the role the Sun plays in Earths atmospheric chemistry and climate. Since just after its launch on February 11, 2010, SDO is providing images with clarity 10 times better than high-definition television and will return more comprehensive science data faster than any other solar-observing spacecraft. The Solar Dynamics Observatory is a NASA spacecraft launched in early 2010 is obtaining IMAX-like images of the Sun every second of the day, generating more data than any NASA mission in history. [SEP] just after its launch on February 11 , 2010 , SDO is providing images with clarity 10
During its five-year mission, SDO will examine the Suns magnetic field and also provide a better understanding of the role the Sun plays in Earths atmospheric chemistry and climate. Since just after its launch on February 11, 2010, SDO is providing images with clarity 10 times better than high-definition television and will return more comprehensive science data faster than any other solar-observing spacecraft. The Solar Dynamics Observatory is a NASA spacecraft launched in early 2010 is obtaining IMAX-like images of the Sun every second of the day, generating more data than any NASA mission in history. [SEP] During its five-year mission , SDO will examine the Suns magnetic field and also provide a better understanding of the role the Sun plays in Earths atmospheric chemistry and climate .
Another highly visible feature on the Sun are solar prominences. If plasma flows along a loop of the Suns magnetic field from sunspot to sunspot, it forms a glowing arch that reaches thousands of kilometers into the Suns atmosphere. Prominences can last lengths of time ranging from a day to several months. [SEP] plasma flows along a loop of the Suns
Another highly visible feature on the Sun are solar prominences. If plasma flows along a loop of the Suns magnetic field from sunspot to sunspot, it forms a glowing arch that reaches thousands of kilometers into the Suns atmosphere. Prominences can last lengths of time ranging from a day to several months. [SEP] it forms a glowing arch that reaches thousands of kilometers into the Suns atmosphere .
Prominences are also visible during a total solar eclipse. Most of the imagery comes from SDOs AIA instrument; different colors represent different temperatures, a common technique for observing solar features. SDO sees the entire disk of the Sun in extremely high spatial and temporal resolution, allowing scientists to zoom in on notable events such as flares, waves, and sunspots. [SEP] observing solar features
Prominences are also visible during a total solar eclipse. Most of the imagery comes from SDOs AIA instrument; different colors represent different temperatures, a common technique for observing solar features. SDO sees the entire disk of the Sun in extremely high spatial and temporal resolution, allowing scientists to zoom in on notable events such as flares, waves, and sunspots. [SEP] Most of the imagery comes from SDOs AIA instrument ; different colors represent different temperatures , a common technique
There are other types of interruptions of the Suns magnetic energy. If a loop of the Suns magnetic field snaps and breaks, it creates solar flares, which are violent explosions that release huge amounts of energy (Figure 1.2). [SEP] a loop of the Suns magnetic field snaps and breaks
There are other types of interruptions of the Suns magnetic energy. If a loop of the Suns magnetic field snaps and breaks, it creates solar flares, which are violent explosions that release huge amounts of energy (Figure 1.2). [SEP] it creates solar flares , which are violent explosions that release huge amounts of energy
A solar flare or coronal mass ejection releases streams of highly energetic particles that make up the solar wind. The solar wind can be dangerous to spacecraft and astronauts because it sends out large amounts of radiation that can harm the human body. Solar flares have knocked out entire power grids and disturbed radio, satellite, and cell phone communications. [SEP] it sends out large amounts of radiation that can harm the human body .
A solar flare or coronal mass ejection releases streams of highly energetic particles that make up the solar wind. The solar wind can be dangerous to spacecraft and astronauts because it sends out large amounts of radiation that can harm the human body. Solar flares have knocked out entire power grids and disturbed radio, satellite, and cell phone communications. [SEP] The solar wind can be dangerous to spacecraft and astronauts
Engineers can develop cleaner energy sources to reduce pollution and greenhouse gas emissions. Citizens can change their behavior to reduce the impact they have on the planet by demanding products that are produced sustainably. When forests are logged, new trees should be planted. [SEP] demanding products that are produced sustainably
Engineers can develop cleaner energy sources to reduce pollution and greenhouse gas emissions. Citizens can change their behavior to reduce the impact they have on the planet by demanding products that are produced sustainably. When forests are logged, new trees should be planted. [SEP] Citizens can change their behavior to reduce the impact they have on the planet
When forests are logged, new trees should be planted. Mining should be done so that the landscape is not destroyed. People can consume less and think more about the impacts of what they do consume. [SEP] Mining should be done
When forests are logged, new trees should be planted. Mining should be done so that the landscape is not destroyed. People can consume less and think more about the impacts of what they do consume. [SEP] the landscape is not destroyed .
And what of the waste products of society? Will producing all that we need to keep the population growing result in a planet so polluted that the quality of life will be greatly diminished? Will warming temperatures cause problems for human populations? [SEP] Will producing all that we need to keep the population growing result in a planet so polluted
And what of the waste products of society? Will producing all that we need to keep the population growing result in a planet so polluted that the quality of life will be greatly diminished? Will warming temperatures cause problems for human populations? [SEP] the quality of life will be greatly diminished ?
In this example, we will look into the scientific literature to find data in studies that were done using scientific method. To test Hypothesis 1 from the concept "Development of Hypotheses," we need to see if the amount of CO2 gas released by volcanoes over the past several decades has increased. There are two ways volcanoes could account for the increase in CO2 : There has been an increase in volcanic eruptions in that time. [SEP] the amount of CO2 gas released by volcanoes over the past several decades has increased .
In this example, we will look into the scientific literature to find data in studies that were done using scientific method. To test Hypothesis 1 from the concept "Development of Hypotheses," we need to see if the amount of CO2 gas released by volcanoes over the past several decades has increased. There are two ways volcanoes could account for the increase in CO2 : There has been an increase in volcanic eruptions in that time. [SEP] from the concept `` Development of Hypotheses , '' we need to see
 Hypothesis 2 states that the increase in atmospheric CO2 is due to the increase in the amount of fossil fuels that are being burned. We look into the scientific literature and find this graph in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] the increase in the amount of fossil fuels that are being burned
 Hypothesis 2 states that the increase in atmospheric CO2 is due to the increase in the amount of fossil fuels that are being burned. We look into the scientific literature and find this graph in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] the increase in atmospheric CO2
On the horizontal axis, as we move to the right, the temperature reduces by between 1,000 and 10,000 degrees K between each line. If all other factors were the same, the highest temperature stars would also be the most luminous (the brightest). In the main sequence of stars, we see that as the temperature increases to the left, the luminosity also increases, demonstrating that the hottest stars in this grouping are also the brightest. [SEP] all other factors were the same
On the horizontal axis, as we move to the right, the temperature reduces by between 1,000 and 10,000 degrees K between each line. If all other factors were the same, the highest temperature stars would also be the most luminous (the brightest). In the main sequence of stars, we see that as the temperature increases to the left, the luminosity also increases, demonstrating that the hottest stars in this grouping are also the brightest. [SEP] the highest temperature stars would also be the most luminous -LRB- the brightest -RRB- .
If all other factors were the same, the highest temperature stars would also be the most luminous (the brightest). In the main sequence of stars, we see that as the temperature increases to the left, the luminosity also increases, demonstrating that the hottest stars in this grouping are also the brightest. There are stars, however, that are less bright than their temperature would predict. [SEP] the temperature increases to the left , the luminosity also increases , demonstrating that the hottest stars in this grouping are also the brightest .
If all other factors were the same, the highest temperature stars would also be the most luminous (the brightest). In the main sequence of stars, we see that as the temperature increases to the left, the luminosity also increases, demonstrating that the hottest stars in this grouping are also the brightest. There are stars, however, that are less bright than their temperature would predict. [SEP] In the main sequence of stars , we see that
This group of stars is called white dwarfs. These stars are less bright than expected because of their very small size. These dwarf stars are only one one-thousandth the size of stars in the main sequence. [SEP] These stars are less bright than expected
This group of stars is called white dwarfs. These stars are less bright than expected because of their very small size. These dwarf stars are only one one-thousandth the size of stars in the main sequence. [SEP] . These dwarf stars are only one one-thousandth the size of stars in the main sequence
This group of stars are called red giants. They are brighter than their temperature would predict because they are much larger than stars in the main sequence. These stars have expanded to several thousand times the size of stars in the main sequence. [SEP] they are much larger than stars in the main sequence .
This group of stars are called red giants. They are brighter than their temperature would predict because they are much larger than stars in the main sequence. These stars have expanded to several thousand times the size of stars in the main sequence. [SEP] They are brighter than their temperature would predict
After the hydrogen-fusing lifetime of a main-sequence star of low or medium mass ends, it will expand to a red giant which fuses helium to carbon and oxygen in its core. If a red giant has insufficient mass to generate the core temperatures required to fuse carbon, around 1 billion K, an inert mass of carbon and oxygen will build up at its center. After blowing off its outer layers to form a planetary nebula, the core will be left behind to form the remnant white dwarf. [SEP] a red giant has insufficient mass to generate the core temperatures required to fuse carbon
After the hydrogen-fusing lifetime of a main-sequence star of low or medium mass ends, it will expand to a red giant which fuses helium to carbon and oxygen in its core. If a red giant has insufficient mass to generate the core temperatures required to fuse carbon, around 1 billion K, an inert mass of carbon and oxygen will build up at its center. After blowing off its outer layers to form a planetary nebula, the core will be left behind to form the remnant white dwarf. [SEP] around 1 billion K , an inert mass of carbon and oxygen will build up at its center .
White dwarfs are composed of carbon and oxygen. A white dwarf is very hot when it is formed, but since it has no source of energy (no further fusion reactions), it will gradually radiate away its energy and cool down. Over a very long time, a white dwarf will cool to temperatures at which it will no longer emit significant light, and it will become a cold black dwarf. [SEP] it has no source of energy -LRB- no further fusion reactions -RRB-
White dwarfs are composed of carbon and oxygen. A white dwarf is very hot when it is formed, but since it has no source of energy (no further fusion reactions), it will gradually radiate away its energy and cool down. Over a very long time, a white dwarf will cool to temperatures at which it will no longer emit significant light, and it will become a cold black dwarf. [SEP] it will gradually radiate away its energy and cool down .
Over a very long time, a white dwarf will cool to temperatures at which it will no longer emit significant light, and it will become a cold black dwarf. A red giant star is a star with a mass like the Sun that is in the last phase of its life, when Hydrogen fusion reactions in the core decrease due to the lack of fuel. With the gravitational collapse of the core, the fusion reactions now occur in a shell surrounding the core. [SEP] the lack of fuel
Over a very long time, a white dwarf will cool to temperatures at which it will no longer emit significant light, and it will become a cold black dwarf. A red giant star is a star with a mass like the Sun that is in the last phase of its life, when Hydrogen fusion reactions in the core decrease due to the lack of fuel. With the gravitational collapse of the core, the fusion reactions now occur in a shell surrounding the core. [SEP] A red giant star is a star with a mass like the Sun that is in the last phase of its life , when Hydrogen fusion reactions in the core decrease
When the Sun becomes a red giant, its volume will include the orbit of Mercury and Venus and maybe even Earth. The increased size increases the luminosity even though the outer layer cools to only 3000 K or so. The cooler outer layer causes it to be a red star. [SEP] The increased size increases the luminosity even though the outer layer cools to only 3000 K or
When the Sun becomes a red giant, its volume will include the orbit of Mercury and Venus and maybe even Earth. The increased size increases the luminosity even though the outer layer cools to only 3000 K or so. The cooler outer layer causes it to be a red star. [SEP] . The cooler outer layer causes it to be a red star
The Big Bang Theory is the dominant and highly supported theory of the origin of the universe. It states that the universe began from an initial point which has expanded over billions of years to form the universe as we now know it. In 1922, Alexander Friedman found that the solutions to Einsteins general relativity equations resulted in an expanding universe. [SEP] we now know it .
The Big Bang Theory is the dominant and highly supported theory of the origin of the universe. It states that the universe began from an initial point which has expanded over billions of years to form the universe as we now know it. In 1922, Alexander Friedman found that the solutions to Einsteins general relativity equations resulted in an expanding universe. [SEP] It states that the universe began from an initial point which has expanded over billions of years to form the universe
In 1922, Alexander Friedman found that the solutions to Einsteins general relativity equations resulted in an expanding universe. Einstein, at that time, believed in a static, eternal universe so he added a constant to his equations to eliminate the expansion. Einstein would later call this the biggest blunder of his life. [SEP] Einstein , at that time , believed in a static , eternal universe
In 1922, Alexander Friedman found that the solutions to Einsteins general relativity equations resulted in an expanding universe. Einstein, at that time, believed in a static, eternal universe so he added a constant to his equations to eliminate the expansion. Einstein would later call this the biggest blunder of his life. [SEP] he added a constant to his equations to eliminate the expansion .
He predicted that cosmic microwave background radiation should exist throughout the universe as a remnant of the Big Bang. As atoms formed from sub-atomic particles shortly after the Big Bang, electromagnetic radiation would be emitted and this radiation would still be observable today. Gamow predicted that the expansion of the universe would cool the original radiation so that now the radiation would be in the microwave range. [SEP] atoms formed from sub-atomic particles shortly after the Big Bang , electromagnetic radiation would be emitted and this radiation
He predicted that cosmic microwave background radiation should exist throughout the universe as a remnant of the Big Bang. As atoms formed from sub-atomic particles shortly after the Big Bang, electromagnetic radiation would be emitted and this radiation would still be observable today. Gamow predicted that the expansion of the universe would cool the original radiation so that now the radiation would be in the microwave range. [SEP] He predicted that cosmic microwave background radiation should exist throughout the universe as a remnant of the Big Bang .
As atoms formed from sub-atomic particles shortly after the Big Bang, electromagnetic radiation would be emitted and this radiation would still be observable today. Gamow predicted that the expansion of the universe would cool the original radiation so that now the radiation would be in the microwave range. The debate continued until 1965 when two Bell Telephone scientists stumbled upon the microwave radiation with their radio telescope. [SEP] Gamow predicted that the expansion of the universe would cool the original radiation
As atoms formed from sub-atomic particles shortly after the Big Bang, electromagnetic radiation would be emitted and this radiation would still be observable today. Gamow predicted that the expansion of the universe would cool the original radiation so that now the radiation would be in the microwave range. The debate continued until 1965 when two Bell Telephone scientists stumbled upon the microwave radiation with their radio telescope. [SEP] now the radiation would be in the microwave range .
 Galileo Galilei (1564-1642) was a very important person in the development of modern astronomy, both because of his contributions directly to astronomy, and because of his work in physics. He provided the crucial observations that proved the Copernican hypothesis, and also laid the foundations for a correct understanding of how objects moved on the surface of the earth and of gravity. [SEP] Galileo Galilei -LRB- 1564-1642 -RRB- was a very important person in the development of modern astronomy , both because of his contributions directly to astronomy , and
 Galileo Galilei (1564-1642) was a very important person in the development of modern astronomy, both because of his contributions directly to astronomy, and because of his work in physics. He provided the crucial observations that proved the Copernican hypothesis, and also laid the foundations for a correct understanding of how objects moved on the surface of the earth and of gravity. [SEP] . He provided the crucial observations that proved the Copernican hypothesis , and also laid the foundations for a correct understanding of how objects moved on the surface of the earth and of gravity
Observations through Galileos telescope made it clear that the earth-centered and earth doesnt move solar system of Aristotle was incorrect. Since church officials had made some of Aristotles opinions a part of the religious views of the church, proving Aristotles views to be incorrect also pointed out flaws in the church. Galileo observed four points of light that changed their positions around the planet Jupiter and he concluded that these were moons in orbit around Jupiter. [SEP] church officials had made some of Aristotles opinions a part of the religious views of the church
Observations through Galileos telescope made it clear that the earth-centered and earth doesnt move solar system of Aristotle was incorrect. Since church officials had made some of Aristotles opinions a part of the religious views of the church, proving Aristotles views to be incorrect also pointed out flaws in the church. Galileo observed four points of light that changed their positions around the planet Jupiter and he concluded that these were moons in orbit around Jupiter. [SEP] proving Aristotles views to be incorrect also pointed out flaws in the church .
These observations showed that there were new things in the heavens that Aristotle and Ptolemy had known nothing about. Furthermore, they demonstrated that a planet could have moons circling it that would not be left behind as the planet moved around its orbit. One of the arguments against the Copernican system had been that if the moon were in orbit around the Earth and the Earth in orbit around the Sun, the Earth would leave the Moon behind as it moved around its orbit. [SEP] the planet moved around its
These observations showed that there were new things in the heavens that Aristotle and Ptolemy had known nothing about. Furthermore, they demonstrated that a planet could have moons circling it that would not be left behind as the planet moved around its orbit. One of the arguments against the Copernican system had been that if the moon were in orbit around the Earth and the Earth in orbit around the Sun, the Earth would leave the Moon behind as it moved around its orbit. [SEP] Furthermore , they demonstrated that a planet could have moons circling it that would not be left behind
Furthermore, they demonstrated that a planet could have moons circling it that would not be left behind as the planet moved around its orbit. One of the arguments against the Copernican system had been that if the moon were in orbit around the Earth and the Earth in orbit around the Sun, the Earth would leave the Moon behind as it moved around its orbit. Galileo used his telescope to show that Venus, like the moon, went through a complete set of phases. [SEP] it moved around its orbit .
Furthermore, they demonstrated that a planet could have moons circling it that would not be left behind as the planet moved around its orbit. One of the arguments against the Copernican system had been that if the moon were in orbit around the Earth and the Earth in orbit around the Sun, the Earth would leave the Moon behind as it moved around its orbit. Galileo used his telescope to show that Venus, like the moon, went through a complete set of phases. [SEP] One of the arguments against the Copernican system had been that if the moon were in orbit around the Earth and the Earth in orbit around the Sun , the Earth would leave the Moon behind
Furthermore, they demonstrated that a planet could have moons circling it that would not be left behind as the planet moved around its orbit. One of the arguments against the Copernican system had been that if the moon were in orbit around the Earth and the Earth in orbit around the Sun, the Earth would leave the Moon behind as it moved around its orbit. Galileo used his telescope to show that Venus, like the moon, went through a complete set of phases. [SEP] the moon were in orbit around the Earth and the Earth in orbit around the Sun
Furthermore, they demonstrated that a planet could have moons circling it that would not be left behind as the planet moved around its orbit. One of the arguments against the Copernican system had been that if the moon were in orbit around the Earth and the Earth in orbit around the Sun, the Earth would leave the Moon behind as it moved around its orbit. Galileo used his telescope to show that Venus, like the moon, went through a complete set of phases. [SEP] the Earth would leave the Moon behind
Galileo used his telescope to show that Venus, like the moon, went through a complete set of phases. This observation was extremely important because it was the first observation that was consistent with the Copernican system but not the Ptolemaic system. In the Ptolemaic system, Venus should always be in crescent phase as viewed from the Earth because the sun is beyond Venus, but in the Copernican system Venus should exhibit a complete set of phases over time as viewed from the Earth because it is illuminated from the center of its orbit. [SEP] it was the first observation that was consistent with the Copernican system but not the Ptolemaic system .
Galileo used his telescope to show that Venus, like the moon, went through a complete set of phases. This observation was extremely important because it was the first observation that was consistent with the Copernican system but not the Ptolemaic system. In the Ptolemaic system, Venus should always be in crescent phase as viewed from the Earth because the sun is beyond Venus, but in the Copernican system Venus should exhibit a complete set of phases over time as viewed from the Earth because it is illuminated from the center of its orbit. [SEP] This observation was extremely important
This observation was extremely important because it was the first observation that was consistent with the Copernican system but not the Ptolemaic system. In the Ptolemaic system, Venus should always be in crescent phase as viewed from the Earth because the sun is beyond Venus, but in the Copernican system Venus should exhibit a complete set of phases over time as viewed from the Earth because it is illuminated from the center of its orbit. It is important to note that this was the first empirical evidence (coming almost a century after Copernicus) that allowed a definitive test of the two models. [SEP] the sun is beyond Venus
This observation was extremely important because it was the first observation that was consistent with the Copernican system but not the Ptolemaic system. In the Ptolemaic system, Venus should always be in crescent phase as viewed from the Earth because the sun is beyond Venus, but in the Copernican system Venus should exhibit a complete set of phases over time as viewed from the Earth because it is illuminated from the center of its orbit. It is important to note that this was the first empirical evidence (coming almost a century after Copernicus) that allowed a definitive test of the two models. [SEP] but in the Copernican system Venus should exhibit a complete set of phases over time as viewed from the Earth because it is illuminated from the center of its orbit .
This observation was extremely important because it was the first observation that was consistent with the Copernican system but not the Ptolemaic system. In the Ptolemaic system, Venus should always be in crescent phase as viewed from the Earth because the sun is beyond Venus, but in the Copernican system Venus should exhibit a complete set of phases over time as viewed from the Earth because it is illuminated from the center of its orbit. It is important to note that this was the first empirical evidence (coming almost a century after Copernicus) that allowed a definitive test of the two models. [SEP] it is illuminated from the center of its orbit .
This observation was extremely important because it was the first observation that was consistent with the Copernican system but not the Ptolemaic system. In the Ptolemaic system, Venus should always be in crescent phase as viewed from the Earth because the sun is beyond Venus, but in the Copernican system Venus should exhibit a complete set of phases over time as viewed from the Earth because it is illuminated from the center of its orbit. It is important to note that this was the first empirical evidence (coming almost a century after Copernicus) that allowed a definitive test of the two models. [SEP] but in the Copernican system Venus should exhibit a complete set of phases over time as viewed from the Earth
The primary attraction of the Copernican system was that it described the data in a simpler fashion, but here finally was conclusive evidence that not only was the Ptolemaic universe more complicated, it also was incorrect. As each new observation was brought to light, increasing doubt was cast on the old views of the heavens. It also raised the credibility issue: could the authority of Aristotle and Ptolemy be trusted concerning the nature of the Universe if there were so many things in the Universe about which they had been unaware and/or incorrect? [SEP] each new observation was brought to light , increasing doubt was cast on the old views of the heavens .
The primary attraction of the Copernican system was that it described the data in a simpler fashion, but here finally was conclusive evidence that not only was the Ptolemaic universe more complicated, it also was incorrect. As each new observation was brought to light, increasing doubt was cast on the old views of the heavens. It also raised the credibility issue: could the authority of Aristotle and Ptolemy be trusted concerning the nature of the Universe if there were so many things in the Universe about which they had been unaware and/or incorrect? [SEP] of the Copernican system was that it described the data in a simpler fashion , but here finally was conclusive evidence that not only was the Ptolemaic universe more complicated , it also was incorrect .
As each new observation was brought to light, increasing doubt was cast on the old views of the heavens. It also raised the credibility issue: could the authority of Aristotle and Ptolemy be trusted concerning the nature of the Universe if there were so many things in the Universe about which they had been unaware and/or incorrect? Galileos challenge of the Churchs authority through his refutation of the Aristotelian concept of the Universe eventually got him into deep trouble. [SEP] It also raised the credibility issue : could the authority of Aristotle and Ptolemy be trusted concerning the nature of the Universe if there were
As each new observation was brought to light, increasing doubt was cast on the old views of the heavens. It also raised the credibility issue: could the authority of Aristotle and Ptolemy be trusted concerning the nature of the Universe if there were so many things in the Universe about which they had been unaware and/or incorrect? Galileos challenge of the Churchs authority through his refutation of the Aristotelian concept of the Universe eventually got him into deep trouble. [SEP] many things in the Universe about which they had been unaware and/or incorrect ?
As each new observation was brought to light, increasing doubt was cast on the old views of the heavens. It also raised the credibility issue: could the authority of Aristotle and Ptolemy be trusted concerning the nature of the Universe if there were so many things in the Universe about which they had been unaware and/or incorrect? Galileos challenge of the Churchs authority through his refutation of the Aristotelian concept of the Universe eventually got him into deep trouble. [SEP] there were
As each new observation was brought to light, increasing doubt was cast on the old views of the heavens. It also raised the credibility issue: could the authority of Aristotle and Ptolemy be trusted concerning the nature of the Universe if there were so many things in the Universe about which they had been unaware and/or incorrect? Galileos challenge of the Churchs authority through his refutation of the Aristotelian concept of the Universe eventually got him into deep trouble. [SEP] It also raised the credibility issue : could the authority of Aristotle and Ptolemy be trusted concerning the nature of the Universe
Sir Isaac Newton (1642-1727), who was born the same year that Galileo died, would build on Galileos ideas to demonstrate that the laws of motion in the heavens and the laws of motion on the earth were the same. Thus Galileo began, and Newton completed, a synthesis of astronomy and physics in which astronomy was recognized as but a part of physics, and that the opinions of Aristotle were almost completely eliminated from both. Many scientists consider Newton to be a peer of Einstein in scientific thinking. [SEP] Sir Isaac Newton -LRB- 1642-1727 -RRB- , who was born the same year that Galileo died , would build on Galileos ideas to demonstrate that the laws of motion in the heavens and the laws of motion on the earth were the same
Sir Isaac Newton (1642-1727), who was born the same year that Galileo died, would build on Galileos ideas to demonstrate that the laws of motion in the heavens and the laws of motion on the earth were the same. Thus Galileo began, and Newton completed, a synthesis of astronomy and physics in which astronomy was recognized as but a part of physics, and that the opinions of Aristotle were almost completely eliminated from both. Many scientists consider Newton to be a peer of Einstein in scientific thinking. [SEP] Galileo began , and Newton completed , a synthesis of astronomy and physics in which astronomy was recognized as but a part of physics , and that the opinions of Aristotle were almost completely eliminated from both .
In terms of astronomy, Newton gave reasons for and corrections to Keplers Laws. Kepler had proposed three Laws of Planetary motion based on Tycho Brahes data. These Laws were supposed to apply only to the motions of the planets. [SEP] Tycho Brahes data
In terms of astronomy, Newton gave reasons for and corrections to Keplers Laws. Kepler had proposed three Laws of Planetary motion based on Tycho Brahes data. These Laws were supposed to apply only to the motions of the planets. [SEP] Kepler had proposed three Laws of Planetary motion
An imaginary line connecting a planet and the sun sweeps out equal areas during equal time intervals. (Therefore, the earths orbital speed varies at different times of the year. The earth moves fastest in its orbit when closest to the sun and slowest when farthest away.) [SEP] imaginary line connecting a planet and the sun sweeps out equal areas during equal time intervals . -LRB-
An imaginary line connecting a planet and the sun sweeps out equal areas during equal time intervals. (Therefore, the earths orbital speed varies at different times of the year. The earth moves fastest in its orbit when closest to the sun and slowest when farthest away.) [SEP] the earths orbital speed varies at different times of the year .
T 3 This law is true for all planets if you use astronomical units (that is, distance in multiples of earths orbital radium and time in multiples of earth years). Keplers three laws replaced the cumbersome epicycles to explain planetary motion with three mathematical laws that allowed the positions of the planets to be predicted with accuracies ten times better than Ptolemaic or Copernican models. [SEP] you use astronomical units -LRB- that is , distance in multiples of earths orbital radium and time in multiples of earth years -RRB- .
T 3 This law is true for all planets if you use astronomical units (that is, distance in multiples of earths orbital radium and time in multiples of earth years). Keplers three laws replaced the cumbersome epicycles to explain planetary motion with three mathematical laws that allowed the positions of the planets to be predicted with accuracies ten times better than Ptolemaic or Copernican models. [SEP] This law is true for all planets
It is at Bologna that he probably first encountered a translation of Ptolemys Almagest that would later make it possible for Copernicus to successfully refute the ancient astronomer. Later, at the University of Padua, Copernicus studied medicine, which was closely associated with astrology at that time due to the belief that the stars influenced the dispositions of the body. Returning to Poland, Copernicus secured a teaching post at Wroclaw, where he primarily worked as a medical doctor and manager of Church affairs. [SEP] the belief that the stars
It is at Bologna that he probably first encountered a translation of Ptolemys Almagest that would later make it possible for Copernicus to successfully refute the ancient astronomer. Later, at the University of Padua, Copernicus studied medicine, which was closely associated with astrology at that time due to the belief that the stars influenced the dispositions of the body. Returning to Poland, Copernicus secured a teaching post at Wroclaw, where he primarily worked as a medical doctor and manager of Church affairs. [SEP] influenced the dispositions of the body .
Later, at the University of Padua, Copernicus studied medicine, which was closely associated with astrology at that time due to the belief that the stars influenced the dispositions of the body. Returning to Poland, Copernicus secured a teaching post at Wroclaw, where he primarily worked as a medical doctor and manager of Church affairs. In his spare time, he studied the stars and the planets (decades before the telescope was invented), and applied his mathematical understanding to the mysteries of the night sky. [SEP] Returning to Poland
Later, at the University of Padua, Copernicus studied medicine, which was closely associated with astrology at that time due to the belief that the stars influenced the dispositions of the body. Returning to Poland, Copernicus secured a teaching post at Wroclaw, where he primarily worked as a medical doctor and manager of Church affairs. In his spare time, he studied the stars and the planets (decades before the telescope was invented), and applied his mathematical understanding to the mysteries of the night sky. [SEP] Copernicus secured a teaching post at Wroclaw , where he primarily worked as a medical doctor and manager of Church affairs .
In his spare time, he studied the stars and the planets (decades before the telescope was invented), and applied his mathematical understanding to the mysteries of the night sky. In so doing, he developed his theory of a system in which the Earth, like all the planets, revolved around the sun, and which simply and elegantly explained the curious retrograde movements of the planets. Copernicus wrote his theory in De Revolutionibus Orbium Coelestium ( [SEP] his spare time , he studied the stars and the planets -LRB- decades before the telescope was invented -RRB- , and applied his mathematical understanding to the mysteries of the night sky . In
In his spare time, he studied the stars and the planets (decades before the telescope was invented), and applied his mathematical understanding to the mysteries of the night sky. In so doing, he developed his theory of a system in which the Earth, like all the planets, revolved around the sun, and which simply and elegantly explained the curious retrograde movements of the planets. Copernicus wrote his theory in De Revolutionibus Orbium Coelestium ( [SEP] doing , he developed his theory of a system in which the Earth , like all the planets , revolved around the sun , and which simply and elegantly explained the curious retrograde movements of the planets .
On the Revolutions of the Celestial Orbs). The book was completed in 1530 or so, but it wasnt published until the year he died, 1543. It has been suggested that Copernicus knew the publication would incur the wrath of the Catholic church and he didnt want to deal with problems so he didnt publish his theory until he was on his death bed. [SEP] The book was completed in 1530 or
On the Revolutions of the Celestial Orbs). The book was completed in 1530 or so, but it wasnt published until the year he died, 1543. It has been suggested that Copernicus knew the publication would incur the wrath of the Catholic church and he didnt want to deal with problems so he didnt publish his theory until he was on his death bed. [SEP] but it wasnt published until the year he died , 1543 .
The book was completed in 1530 or so, but it wasnt published until the year he died, 1543. It has been suggested that Copernicus knew the publication would incur the wrath of the Catholic church and he didnt want to deal with problems so he didnt publish his theory until he was on his death bed. Legend has it that a copy of the printers proof was placed in his hands as he lay in a coma, and he woke long enough to recognize what he was holding before he died. [SEP] It has been suggested that Copernicus knew the publication would incur the wrath of the Catholic church and he didnt want to deal with problems
The book was completed in 1530 or so, but it wasnt published until the year he died, 1543. It has been suggested that Copernicus knew the publication would incur the wrath of the Catholic church and he didnt want to deal with problems so he didnt publish his theory until he was on his death bed. Legend has it that a copy of the printers proof was placed in his hands as he lay in a coma, and he woke long enough to recognize what he was holding before he died. [SEP] he didnt publish his theory until he was on his death bed .
It has been suggested that Copernicus knew the publication would incur the wrath of the Catholic church and he didnt want to deal with problems so he didnt publish his theory until he was on his death bed. Legend has it that a copy of the printers proof was placed in his hands as he lay in a coma, and he woke long enough to recognize what he was holding before he died. Tycho Brahe (1546 - 1601) was born in a part of southern Sweden that was part of Denmark at the time. [SEP] he lay in a coma , and
It has been suggested that Copernicus knew the publication would incur the wrath of the Catholic church and he didnt want to deal with problems so he didnt publish his theory until he was on his death bed. Legend has it that a copy of the printers proof was placed in his hands as he lay in a coma, and he woke long enough to recognize what he was holding before he died. Tycho Brahe (1546 - 1601) was born in a part of southern Sweden that was part of Denmark at the time. [SEP] a copy of the printers proof was placed in his hands
Tycho built his own instruments and made the most complete and accurate observations available without the use of a telescope. Eventually, his fame led to an offer from King Frederick II of Denmark & Norway to fund the construction of an astronomical observatory. The island of Van was chosen and in 1576, construction began. [SEP] his fame
Tycho built his own instruments and made the most complete and accurate observations available without the use of a telescope. Eventually, his fame led to an offer from King Frederick II of Denmark & Norway to fund the construction of an astronomical observatory. The island of Van was chosen and in 1576, construction began. [SEP] an offer from King Frederick II of Denmark & Norway to fund the construction of an astronomical observatory .
He attempted to combine it with the Ptolemaic model. As a theoretician, Tycho was a failure but his observations and the data he collected was far superior to any others made prior to the invention of the telescope. After Tycho Brahes death, his assistant, Johannes Kepler used Tycho Brahes observations to calculate his own three laws of planetary motion. [SEP] a theoretician , Tycho was a failure but his observations and the data he collected was far superior to any others made prior to the invention of the
He attempted to combine it with the Ptolemaic model. As a theoretician, Tycho was a failure but his observations and the data he collected was far superior to any others made prior to the invention of the telescope. After Tycho Brahes death, his assistant, Johannes Kepler used Tycho Brahes observations to calculate his own three laws of planetary motion. [SEP] He attempted to combine it with the Ptolemaic model .
Tycho died in 1601 and after that Kepler had full access to Tychos data. He analyzed the data for 8 years and tried to calculate an orbit that would fit the data, but was unable to do so. Kepler later determined that the orbits were not circular but elliptical. [SEP] He analyzed the data for 8 years and tried to calculate an orbit that would fit the data , but was unable to do
Tycho died in 1601 and after that Kepler had full access to Tychos data. He analyzed the data for 8 years and tried to calculate an orbit that would fit the data, but was unable to do so. Kepler later determined that the orbits were not circular but elliptical. [SEP] . Kepler later determined that the orbits were not circular but elliptical
The names of these planets were initially derived from Greek mythology before being given the equivalent Roman mythological names, which are the ones we still use today. The word planet is a Greek term meaning wanderer, as these bodies move across the sky at different speeds from the stars, which appear fixed in the same positions relative to each other. For part of the year Venus appears in the eastern sky as an early morning object before disappearing and reappearing a few weeks later in the evening western sky. [SEP] these bodies move across the sky at different speeds from the stars , which appear fixed in the same positions relative to each other .
The names of these planets were initially derived from Greek mythology before being given the equivalent Roman mythological names, which are the ones we still use today. The word planet is a Greek term meaning wanderer, as these bodies move across the sky at different speeds from the stars, which appear fixed in the same positions relative to each other. For part of the year Venus appears in the eastern sky as an early morning object before disappearing and reappearing a few weeks later in the evening western sky. [SEP] The word planet is a Greek term meaning wanderer
The word planet is a Greek term meaning wanderer, as these bodies move across the sky at different speeds from the stars, which appear fixed in the same positions relative to each other. For part of the year Venus appears in the eastern sky as an early morning object before disappearing and reappearing a few weeks later in the evening western sky. Early Greek astronomers thought this was two different bodies and assigned the names Phosphorus and Hesperus to the morning and evening apparitions respectively. [SEP] an early morning object before disappearing and reappearing a few weeks later in the evening western sky .
The word planet is a Greek term meaning wanderer, as these bodies move across the sky at different speeds from the stars, which appear fixed in the same positions relative to each other. For part of the year Venus appears in the eastern sky as an early morning object before disappearing and reappearing a few weeks later in the evening western sky. Early Greek astronomers thought this was two different bodies and assigned the names Phosphorus and Hesperus to the morning and evening apparitions respectively. [SEP] For part of the year Venus appears in the eastern sky
Early Greek astronomers thought this was two different bodies and assigned the names Phosphorus and Hesperus to the morning and evening apparitions respectively. Pythagoras is given credit for being the first to realize that these two bodies were in fact the same planet, a notion he arrived at through observation and geometrical calculations. Pythagoras was also one of the first to think that the Earth was round, a theory that was finally proved around 330 BCE by Aristotle. [SEP] being the first
Early Greek astronomers thought this was two different bodies and assigned the names Phosphorus and Hesperus to the morning and evening apparitions respectively. Pythagoras is given credit for being the first to realize that these two bodies were in fact the same planet, a notion he arrived at through observation and geometrical calculations. Pythagoras was also one of the first to think that the Earth was round, a theory that was finally proved around 330 BCE by Aristotle. [SEP] Pythagoras is given credit
He also knew that the earth was a sphere. Philosophically, he argued that each part of the earth is trying to be pulled to the center of the earth, and so the earth would naturally take on a spherical shape. He then pointed out observations that support the idea of a spherical earth. [SEP] Philosophically , he argued that each part of the earth is trying to be pulled to the center of the earth
He also knew that the earth was a sphere. Philosophically, he argued that each part of the earth is trying to be pulled to the center of the earth, and so the earth would naturally take on a spherical shape. He then pointed out observations that support the idea of a spherical earth. [SEP] the earth would naturally take on a spherical shape .
In these models, the center of the earth is the center of all the other motions. While it is not sure if the earlier Greeks actually thought the planets moved in circles, it is clear that Aristotle did. Aristotle rejected a moving earth for two reasons. [SEP] the earlier Greeks actually thought the planets moved in circles
In these models, the center of the earth is the center of all the other motions. While it is not sure if the earlier Greeks actually thought the planets moved in circles, it is clear that Aristotle did. Aristotle rejected a moving earth for two reasons. [SEP] it is clear that Aristotle did .
While it is not sure if the earlier Greeks actually thought the planets moved in circles, it is clear that Aristotle did. Aristotle rejected a moving earth for two reasons. Most importantly he didnt understand inertia. [SEP] Aristotle rejected a moving earth
While it is not sure if the earlier Greeks actually thought the planets moved in circles, it is clear that Aristotle did. Aristotle rejected a moving earth for two reasons. Most importantly he didnt understand inertia. [SEP] . Most importantly he didnt understand inertia
He believed that it takes a force in order for an object to move. Using Aristotles ideas, if the earth were moving through space, if you tripped, you would not be in contact with the earth, and so would get left behind in space. Since this obviously does not happen, the earth must not move. [SEP] Using Aristotles ideas , if the earth were moving through space , if you tripped , you would not be in contact with the earth
He believed that it takes a force in order for an object to move. Using Aristotles ideas, if the earth were moving through space, if you tripped, you would not be in contact with the earth, and so would get left behind in space. Since this obviously does not happen, the earth must not move. [SEP] would get left behind in space .
He believed that it takes a force in order for an object to move. Using Aristotles ideas, if the earth were moving through space, if you tripped, you would not be in contact with the earth, and so would get left behind in space. Since this obviously does not happen, the earth must not move. [SEP] Using Aristotles ideas
He believed that it takes a force in order for an object to move. Using Aristotles ideas, if the earth were moving through space, if you tripped, you would not be in contact with the earth, and so would get left behind in space. Since this obviously does not happen, the earth must not move. [SEP] if the earth were moving through space , if you tripped , you would not be in contact with the earth
He believed that it takes a force in order for an object to move. Using Aristotles ideas, if the earth were moving through space, if you tripped, you would not be in contact with the earth, and so would get left behind in space. Since this obviously does not happen, the earth must not move. [SEP] you tripped
He believed that it takes a force in order for an object to move. Using Aristotles ideas, if the earth were moving through space, if you tripped, you would not be in contact with the earth, and so would get left behind in space. Since this obviously does not happen, the earth must not move. [SEP] you would not be in contact with the earth
Using Aristotles ideas, if the earth were moving through space, if you tripped, you would not be in contact with the earth, and so would get left behind in space. Since this obviously does not happen, the earth must not move. This misunderstanding of inertia confused scientists until the time of Galileo. [SEP] this obviously does not happen
Using Aristotles ideas, if the earth were moving through space, if you tripped, you would not be in contact with the earth, and so would get left behind in space. Since this obviously does not happen, the earth must not move. This misunderstanding of inertia confused scientists until the time of Galileo. [SEP] the earth must not move .
A second, but not as important, reason Aristotle rejected a moving earth is that he recognized that if the earth moved and rotated around the sun, there would be an observable parallax of the stars. One cannot see stellar parallax with the naked-eye, so Aristotle concluded that the earth must be at rest. [SEP] the earth moved and rotated around the sun
A second, but not as important, reason Aristotle rejected a moving earth is that he recognized that if the earth moved and rotated around the sun, there would be an observable parallax of the stars. One cannot see stellar parallax with the naked-eye, so Aristotle concluded that the earth must be at rest. [SEP] there would be an observable parallax of the stars .
is that he recognized that if the earth moved and rotated around the sun, there would be an observable parallax of the stars. One cannot see stellar parallax with the naked-eye, so Aristotle concluded that the earth must be at rest. (The stars are so far away, that one needs a good telescope to measure stellar parallax, which was first measured in 1838.) [SEP] One can not see stellar parallax with the naked-eye
is that he recognized that if the earth moved and rotated around the sun, there would be an observable parallax of the stars. One cannot see stellar parallax with the naked-eye, so Aristotle concluded that the earth must be at rest. (The stars are so far away, that one needs a good telescope to measure stellar parallax, which was first measured in 1838.) [SEP] Aristotle concluded that the earth must be at rest .
One cannot see stellar parallax with the naked-eye, so Aristotle concluded that the earth must be at rest. (The stars are so far away, that one needs a good telescope to measure stellar parallax, which was first measured in 1838.) Aristotle believed that the objects in the heavens are perfect and unchanging. [SEP] -LRB- The stars are so far away
One cannot see stellar parallax with the naked-eye, so Aristotle concluded that the earth must be at rest. (The stars are so far away, that one needs a good telescope to measure stellar parallax, which was first measured in 1838.) Aristotle believed that the objects in the heavens are perfect and unchanging. [SEP] one needs a good telescope to measure stellar parallax , which was first measured in 1838 .
Aristotle believed that the objects in the heavens are perfect and unchanging. Since he believed that the only eternal motion is circular with a constant speed, the motions of the planets must be circular. This came to be called The Principal of Uniform Circular Motion. [SEP] he believed that the only eternal motion is circular with a constant speed
Aristotle believed that the objects in the heavens are perfect and unchanging. Since he believed that the only eternal motion is circular with a constant speed, the motions of the planets must be circular. This came to be called The Principal of Uniform Circular Motion. [SEP] the motions of the planets must be circular .
This came to be called The Principal of Uniform Circular Motion. Aristotle and his ideas became very important because they became incorporated into the Catholic Churchs theology in the twelfth century by Thomas Aquinas. In the early 16th century, the Church banned new interpretations of scripture and this included a ban on ideas of a moving earth. [SEP] they became incorporated into the Catholic Churchs theology in the twelfth century by Thomas Aquinas .
This came to be called The Principal of Uniform Circular Motion. Aristotle and his ideas became very important because they became incorporated into the Catholic Churchs theology in the twelfth century by Thomas Aquinas. In the early 16th century, the Church banned new interpretations of scripture and this included a ban on ideas of a moving earth. [SEP] Aristotle and his ideas became very important
In it, he outlined his geometrical reasoning for a geocentric view of the Universe. As outlined in the Almagest, the Universe according to Ptolemy was based on five main points: 1) the celestial realm is spherical, 2) the celestial realm moves in a circle, 3) the earth is a sphere, 4) the celestial realm orbit is a circle centered on the earth, and 5) earth does not move. [SEP] outlined in the Almagest , the Universe according to Ptolemy was based on five main points : 1 -RRB-
In it, he outlined his geometrical reasoning for a geocentric view of the Universe. As outlined in the Almagest, the Universe according to Ptolemy was based on five main points: 1) the celestial realm is spherical, 2) the celestial realm moves in a circle, 3) the earth is a sphere, 4) the celestial realm orbit is a circle centered on the earth, and 5) earth does not move. [SEP] In it , he outlined his geometrical reasoning for a geocentric view of the Universe .
This reverse direction movement is referred to as retrograde motion. If the earth was to remain motionless at the center of the system, some very intricate designs were necessary to explain the movement of the retrograde planets. In the Ptolemaic system, each retrograde planet moved by two spheres. [SEP] the earth was to remain motionless at the center of the system
This reverse direction movement is referred to as retrograde motion. If the earth was to remain motionless at the center of the system, some very intricate designs were necessary to explain the movement of the retrograde planets. In the Ptolemaic system, each retrograde planet moved by two spheres. [SEP] some very intricate designs were necessary to explain the movement of the retrograde planets .
This process produced a path like that shown in the sketch above on the right. As the red ball moved around its path, at some times it would be moving clockwise and then for a short period, it would move counterclockwise. This motion was able to explain the retrograde motion noted for some planets. [SEP] the red ball moved around its path , at some times it would be moving clockwise and then for a short period ,
This process produced a path like that shown in the sketch above on the right. As the red ball moved around its path, at some times it would be moving clockwise and then for a short period, it would move counterclockwise. This motion was able to explain the retrograde motion noted for some planets. [SEP] This process produced a path like that shown in the sketch above on the right .
The freed electrons travel within the ionosphere as electric currents. Because of the free ions, the ionosphere has many interesting characteristics. At night, radio waves bounce off the ionosphere and back to Earth. [SEP] The freed electrons travel within the ionosphere as electric currents
The freed electrons travel within the ionosphere as electric currents. Because of the free ions, the ionosphere has many interesting characteristics. At night, radio waves bounce off the ionosphere and back to Earth. [SEP] , the ionosphere has many interesting characteristics .
At night, radio waves bounce off the ionosphere and back to Earth. This is why you can often pick up an AM radio station far from its source at night.  [SEP] At night , radio waves bounce off the ionosphere and back to Earth
At night, radio waves bounce off the ionosphere and back to Earth. This is why you can often pick up an AM radio station far from its source at night.  [SEP] you can often pick up an AM radio station far from its source at night .
 The density of molecules is so low in the thermosphere that one gas molecule can go about 1 km before it collides with another molecule. Since so little energy is transferred, the air feels very cold [SEP] The density of molecules is so low
 The density of molecules is so low in the thermosphere that one gas molecule can go about 1 km before it collides with another molecule. Since so little energy is transferred, the air feels very cold [SEP] one gas molecule can go about 1 km before it collides with another molecule .
The density of molecules is so low in the thermosphere that one gas molecule can go about 1 km before it collides with another molecule. Since so little energy is transferred, the air feels very cold (See opening image). [SEP] so little energy is transferred
The density of molecules is so low in the thermosphere that one gas molecule can go about 1 km before it collides with another molecule. Since so little energy is transferred, the air feels very cold (See opening image). [SEP] the air feels very cold
 There is no real outer limit to the exosphere, the outermost layer of the atmosphere; the gas molecules finally become so scarce that at some point there are no more. Beyond the atmosphere is the solar wind. [SEP] There is no real outer limit to the exosphere , the outermost layer of the atmosphere ; the gas molecules finally become so scarce
 There is no real outer limit to the exosphere, the outermost layer of the atmosphere; the gas molecules finally become so scarce that at some point there are no more. Beyond the atmosphere is the solar wind. [SEP] at some point there are no more .
 When massive solar storms cause the Van Allen belts to become overloaded with particles, the result is the most spectacular feature of the ionosphere  the nighttime aurora (Figure 1.1). The particles spiral along magnetic field lines toward the poles. [SEP] When massive solar storms cause the Van Allen belts to become overloaded with particles
 When massive solar storms cause the Van Allen belts to become overloaded with particles, the result is the most spectacular feature of the ionosphere  the nighttime aurora (Figure 1.1). The particles spiral along magnetic field lines toward the poles. [SEP] the most spectacular feature of the ionosphere the nighttime aurora -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB-
The aurora australis or southern lights encircles Antarctica. What would Earths magnetic field look like if it were painted in colors? It would look like the aurora! [SEP] it were painted in colors ?
The aurora australis or southern lights encircles Antarctica. What would Earths magnetic field look like if it were painted in colors? It would look like the aurora! [SEP] would Earths magnetic field look like
 If you look at the diagram of high and low tides on a circular Earth above, youll see that tides are waves. So when the Sun and Moon are aligned, what do you expect the tides to look like? [SEP] you look at the diagram of high and low tides on a circular Earth above
 If you look at the diagram of high and low tides on a circular Earth above, youll see that tides are waves. So when the Sun and Moon are aligned, what do you expect the tides to look like? [SEP] youll see that tides are waves .
If you look at the diagram of high and low tides on a circular Earth above, youll see that tides are waves. So when the Sun and Moon are aligned, what do you expect the tides to look like? Waves are additive, so when the gravitational pull of both bodies is in the same direction, the high tides are higher and the low tides lower than at other times through the month (Figure 1.3). [SEP] If you look at the diagram of high and low tides on a circular Earth above , youll see that tides are waves
If you look at the diagram of high and low tides on a circular Earth above, youll see that tides are waves. So when the Sun and Moon are aligned, what do you expect the tides to look like? Waves are additive, so when the gravitational pull of both bodies is in the same direction, the high tides are higher and the low tides lower than at other times through the month (Figure 1.3). [SEP] when the Sun and Moon are aligned , what do you expect the tides to look like
So when the Sun and Moon are aligned, what do you expect the tides to look like? Waves are additive, so when the gravitational pull of both bodies is in the same direction, the high tides are higher and the low tides lower than at other times through the month (Figure 1.3). These more extreme tides, with a greater tidal range, are called spring tides. [SEP] Waves are additive
So when the Sun and Moon are aligned, what do you expect the tides to look like? Waves are additive, so when the gravitational pull of both bodies is in the same direction, the high tides are higher and the low tides lower than at other times through the month (Figure 1.3). These more extreme tides, with a greater tidal range, are called spring tides. [SEP] when the gravitational pull of both bodies is in the same direction , the high tides are higher and the low tides lower than at other times through the month -LRB- Figure 1.3 -RRB- .
The tidal range is the difference between the ocean level at high tide and low tide. Studying ocean tides rhythmic movements helps scientists understand the ocean and the Sun/Moon/Earth system. This QUEST video explains how tides work, and visits the oldest continually operating tidal gauge in the Western Hemisphere. [SEP] Studying ocean tides
The tidal range is the difference between the ocean level at high tide and low tide. Studying ocean tides rhythmic movements helps scientists understand the ocean and the Sun/Moon/Earth system. This QUEST video explains how tides work, and visits the oldest continually operating tidal gauge in the Western Hemisphere. [SEP] rhythmic movements helps scientists understand the ocean and the Sun/Moon/Earth system .
The pull of the Moons gravity on Earth is the primary cause of tides and the pull of the Suns gravity on Earth is the secondary cause (Figure 1.1). The Moon has a greater effect because, although it is much smaller than the Sun, it is much closer. The Moons pull is about twice that of the Suns. [SEP] , although it is much smaller than the Sun
The pull of the Moons gravity on Earth is the primary cause of tides and the pull of the Suns gravity on Earth is the secondary cause (Figure 1.1). The Moon has a greater effect because, although it is much smaller than the Sun, it is much closer. The Moons pull is about twice that of the Suns. [SEP] it is much closer .
To understand the tides it is easiest to start with the effect of the Moon on Earth. As the Moon revolves around our planet, its gravity pulls Earth toward it. The lithosphere is unable to move much, but the water is pulled by the gravity and a bulge is created. [SEP] the Moon revolves around our planet , its gravity pulls Earth toward it .
To understand the tides it is easiest to start with the effect of the Moon on Earth. As the Moon revolves around our planet, its gravity pulls Earth toward it. The lithosphere is unable to move much, but the water is pulled by the gravity and a bulge is created. [SEP] To understand the tides it is easiest to start with the effect of the Moon on Earth .
The places directly in between the high tides are low tides. As the Earth rotates beneath the Moon, a single spot will experience two high tides and two low tides approximately every day. High tides occur about every 12 hours and 25 minutes. [SEP] the Earth rotates beneath the Moon , a single spot will experience two high tides and two low tides approximately every day .
The places directly in between the high tides are low tides. As the Earth rotates beneath the Moon, a single spot will experience two high tides and two low tides approximately every day. High tides occur about every 12 hours and 25 minutes. [SEP] The places directly in between the high tides are low tides .
High tides occur about every 12 hours and 25 minutes. The reason is that the Moon takes 24 hours and 50 minutes to rotate once around the Earth, so the Moon is over the same location every 24 hours and 50 minutes. Since high tides occur twice a day, one arrives each 12 hours and 25 minutes. [SEP] The reason is that the Moon takes 24 hours and 50 minutes to rotate once around the Earth
High tides occur about every 12 hours and 25 minutes. The reason is that the Moon takes 24 hours and 50 minutes to rotate once around the Earth, so the Moon is over the same location every 24 hours and 50 minutes. Since high tides occur twice a day, one arrives each 12 hours and 25 minutes. [SEP] the Moon is over the same location every 24 hours and 50 minutes .
The gravity of the Sun also pulls Earths water towards it and causes its own tides. Because the Sun is so far away, its pull is smaller than the Moons. Some coastal areas do not follow this pattern at all. [SEP] the Sun is so far away
The gravity of the Sun also pulls Earths water towards it and causes its own tides. Because the Sun is so far away, its pull is smaller than the Moons. Some coastal areas do not follow this pattern at all. [SEP] its pull is smaller than the Moons .
These coastal areas may have one high and one low tide per day or a different amount of time between two high tides. These differences are often because of local conditions, such as the shape of the coastline that the tide is entering. The gravitational attraction of the Moon to ocean water creates the high and low tides. [SEP] These differences are
These coastal areas may have one high and one low tide per day or a different amount of time between two high tides. These differences are often because of local conditions, such as the shape of the coastline that the tide is entering. The gravitational attraction of the Moon to ocean water creates the high and low tides. [SEP] is entering .
The width of these growth rings varies with the conditions present that year. A summer drought may make the tree grow more slowly than normal and so its light band will be relatively small. These tree-ring variations appear in all trees in a region. [SEP] A summer drought may make the tree grow more slowly than normal
The width of these growth rings varies with the conditions present that year. A summer drought may make the tree grow more slowly than normal and so its light band will be relatively small. These tree-ring variations appear in all trees in a region. [SEP] its light band will be relatively small .
Scientists have created continuous records of tree rings going back over the past 2,000 years. Wood fragments from old buildings and ancient ruins can be age dated by matching up the pattern of tree rings in the wood fragment in Cross-section showing growth rings. question and the scale created by scientists. [SEP] matching up the pattern of tree rings in the wood fragment in Cross-section showing growth rings
Scientists have created continuous records of tree rings going back over the past 2,000 years. Wood fragments from old buildings and ancient ruins can be age dated by matching up the pattern of tree rings in the wood fragment in Cross-section showing growth rings. question and the scale created by scientists. [SEP] Wood fragments from old buildings and ancient ruins can be age dated
The outermost ring indicates when the tree stopped growing; that is, when it died. The tree-ring record is extremely useful for finding the age of ancient structures.  [SEP] finding the age of ancient structures
The outermost ring indicates when the tree stopped growing; that is, when it died. The tree-ring record is extremely useful for finding the age of ancient structures.  [SEP] The tree-ring record is extremely useful
 Besides tree rings, other processes create distinct yearly layers that can be used for dating. On a glacier, snow falls in winter but in summer dust accumulates. [SEP] dating
 Besides tree rings, other processes create distinct yearly layers that can be used for dating. On a glacier, snow falls in winter but in summer dust accumulates. [SEP] Besides tree rings , other processes create distinct yearly layers that can be used
On a glacier, snow falls in winter but in summer dust accumulates. This leads to a snow-dust annual pattern that goes down into the ice (Figure gather allows them to determine how the environment has changed as the glacier has stayed in its position. [SEP] On a glacier , snow falls in winter but in summer dust accumulates
On a glacier, snow falls in winter but in summer dust accumulates. This leads to a snow-dust annual pattern that goes down into the ice (Figure gather allows them to determine how the environment has changed as the glacier has stayed in its position. [SEP] a snow-dust annual pattern that goes down into the ice
This leads to a snow-dust annual pattern that goes down into the ice (Figure gather allows them to determine how the environment has changed as the glacier has stayed in its position. Analyses of the ice tell how concentrations of atmospheric gases changed, which can yield clues about climate. [SEP] the glacier has stayed in its position .
This leads to a snow-dust annual pattern that goes down into the ice (Figure gather allows them to determine how the environment has changed as the glacier has stayed in its position. Analyses of the ice tell how concentrations of atmospheric gases changed, which can yield clues about climate. [SEP] -LRB- Figure gather allows them to determine how the environment has changed
Earths surface is the source of heat for the troposphere. Rock, soil, and water on Earth absorb the Suns light and radiate it back into the atmosphere as heat, so there is more heat near the surface. The temperature is also higher near the surface because gravity pulls in more gases. [SEP] Rock , soil , and water on Earth absorb the Suns light and radiate it back into the atmosphere as heat
Earths surface is the source of heat for the troposphere. Rock, soil, and water on Earth absorb the Suns light and radiate it back into the atmosphere as heat, so there is more heat near the surface. The temperature is also higher near the surface because gravity pulls in more gases. [SEP] there is more heat near the surface .
Rock, soil, and water on Earth absorb the Suns light and radiate it back into the atmosphere as heat, so there is more heat near the surface. The temperature is also higher near the surface because gravity pulls in more gases. The greater density of gases causes the temperature to rise. [SEP] gravity pulls in more gases .
Rock, soil, and water on Earth absorb the Suns light and radiate it back into the atmosphere as heat, so there is more heat near the surface. The temperature is also higher near the surface because gravity pulls in more gases. The greater density of gases causes the temperature to rise. [SEP] The temperature is also higher near the surface
Notice that in the troposphere warmer air is beneath cooler air. This condition is unstable since warm air is less dense than cool air. The warm air near the surface rises and cool air higher in the troposphere sinks, so air in the troposphere does a lot of mixing. [SEP] warm air is less dense than cool air .
Notice that in the troposphere warmer air is beneath cooler air. This condition is unstable since warm air is less dense than cool air. The warm air near the surface rises and cool air higher in the troposphere sinks, so air in the troposphere does a lot of mixing. [SEP] This condition is unstable
This condition is unstable since warm air is less dense than cool air. The warm air near the surface rises and cool air higher in the troposphere sinks, so air in the troposphere does a lot of mixing. This mixing causes the temperature gradient to vary with time and place. [SEP] The warm air near the surface rises and cool air higher in the troposphere sinks
This condition is unstable since warm air is less dense than cool air. The warm air near the surface rises and cool air higher in the troposphere sinks, so air in the troposphere does a lot of mixing. This mixing causes the temperature gradient to vary with time and place. [SEP] air in the troposphere does a lot of mixing .
When that denser air moves inland, it slides beneath the warmer air over the land. Since temperature inversions are stable, they often trap pollutants and produce unhealthy air conditions in cities (Figure 1.1). Smoke makes a temperature inversion visible. [SEP] temperature inversions are stable
When that denser air moves inland, it slides beneath the warmer air over the land. Since temperature inversions are stable, they often trap pollutants and produce unhealthy air conditions in cities (Figure 1.1). Smoke makes a temperature inversion visible. [SEP] they often trap pollutants and produce unhealthy air conditions in cities -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
Large tsunami in the Indian Ocean and more recently Japan have killed hundreds of thousands of people in recent years. The west coast is vulnerable to tsunami since it sits on the Pacific Ring of Fire. Scientists are trying to learn everything they can about predicting tsunamis before a massive one strikes a little closer to home. [SEP] it sits on the Pacific Ring of Fire .
Large tsunami in the Indian Ocean and more recently Japan have killed hundreds of thousands of people in recent years. The west coast is vulnerable to tsunami since it sits on the Pacific Ring of Fire. Scientists are trying to learn everything they can about predicting tsunamis before a massive one strikes a little closer to home. [SEP] The west coast is vulnerable to tsunami
 Tsunami waves have small wave heights relative to their long wavelengths, so they are usually unnoticed at sea. When traveling up a slope onto a shoreline, the wave is pushed upward. [SEP] Tsunami waves have small wave heights relative to their long wavelengths
 Tsunami waves have small wave heights relative to their long wavelengths, so they are usually unnoticed at sea. When traveling up a slope onto a shoreline, the wave is pushed upward. [SEP] they are usually unnoticed at sea .
When traveling up a slope onto a shoreline, the wave is pushed upward. As with wind waves, the speed of the bottom of the wave is slowed by friction. This causes the wavelength to decrease and the wave to become unstable. [SEP] with wind waves , the speed of the bottom of the wave is slowed by friction .
When traveling up a slope onto a shoreline, the wave is pushed upward. As with wind waves, the speed of the bottom of the wave is slowed by friction. This causes the wavelength to decrease and the wave to become unstable. [SEP] When traveling up a slope onto a shoreline , the wave is pushed upward .
Dust is natural but exacerbated by human activities; for example, when the ground is torn up for agriculture or development. Most primary pollutants are the result of human activities, the direct emissions from vehicles and smokestacks. Primary pollutants include: Carbon oxides include carbon monoxide (CO) and carbon dioxide (CO2 ) (Figure 1.1). [SEP] human activities , the direct emissions from vehicles and smokestacks
Dust is natural but exacerbated by human activities; for example, when the ground is torn up for agriculture or development. Most primary pollutants are the result of human activities, the direct emissions from vehicles and smokestacks. Primary pollutants include: Carbon oxides include carbon monoxide (CO) and carbon dioxide (CO2 ) (Figure 1.1). [SEP] Most primary pollutants
The direction the reaction goes depends on how much NO2 and NO there is. If NO2 is three times more abundant than NO, ozone will be produced. If nitric oxide levels are high, ozone will not be created. [SEP] NO2 is three times more abundant than NO
The direction the reaction goes depends on how much NO2 and NO there is. If NO2 is three times more abundant than NO, ozone will be produced. If nitric oxide levels are high, ozone will not be created. [SEP] ozone will be produced .
If NO2 is three times more abundant than NO, ozone will be produced. If nitric oxide levels are high, ozone will not be created. The brown color of the air behind the Golden Gate Bridge is typical of California cities, because of nitrogen oxides. [SEP] nitric oxide levels are high
If NO2 is three times more abundant than NO, ozone will be produced. If nitric oxide levels are high, ozone will not be created. The brown color of the air behind the Golden Gate Bridge is typical of California cities, because of nitrogen oxides. [SEP] ozone will not be created .
If nitric oxide levels are high, ozone will not be created. The brown color of the air behind the Golden Gate Bridge is typical of California cities, because of nitrogen oxides. Ozone is one of the major secondary pollutants. [SEP] The brown color of the air behind the Golden Gate Bridge is typical of California cities
If nitric oxide levels are high, ozone will not be created. The brown color of the air behind the Golden Gate Bridge is typical of California cities, because of nitrogen oxides. Ozone is one of the major secondary pollutants. [SEP] . Ozone is one of the major secondary pollutants
For example, calcite shells may be replaced by dolomite, quartz, or pyrite. If a fossil that has been replace by quartz is surrounded by a calcite matrix, mildly acidic water may dissolve the calcite and leave behind an exquisitely preserved quartz fossil.  [SEP] a fossil that has been replace by quartz is surrounded by a calcite matrix
For example, calcite shells may be replaced by dolomite, quartz, or pyrite. If a fossil that has been replace by quartz is surrounded by a calcite matrix, mildly acidic water may dissolve the calcite and leave behind an exquisitely preserved quartz fossil.  [SEP] mildly acidic water may dissolve the calcite and leave behind an exquisitely preserved quartz fossil .
The space is later filled with other sediments to form a matching cast within the mold that is the shape of the original organism or part. Many mollusks (clams, snails, octopi, and squid) are found as molds and casts because their shells dissolve easily.  [SEP] their shells dissolve easily .
The space is later filled with other sediments to form a matching cast within the mold that is the shape of the original organism or part. Many mollusks (clams, snails, octopi, and squid) are found as molds and casts because their shells dissolve easily.  [SEP] Many mollusks -LRB- clams , snails , octopi , and squid -RRB- are found as molds and casts
many times farther than the farthest distances that had ever been measured. Hubble realized that many of the objects that astronomers called nebulas were not actually clouds of gas, but were collections of millions or billions of stars  what we now call galaxies. Hubble showed that the universe was much larger than our own galaxy. [SEP] Hubble
many times farther than the farthest distances that had ever been measured. Hubble realized that many of the objects that astronomers called nebulas were not actually clouds of gas, but were collections of millions or billions of stars  what we now call galaxies. Hubble showed that the universe was much larger than our own galaxy. [SEP] that many of the objects that astronomers called nebulas were not actually clouds of gas , but were collections of millions or billions of stars what we now call galaxies .
Hubble showed that the universe was much larger than our own galaxy. Today, we know that the universe contains about a hundred billion galaxies  about the same number of galaxies as there are stars in the Milky Way Galaxy. (a) [SEP] there are stars in the Milky Way Galaxy .
Hubble showed that the universe was much larger than our own galaxy. Today, we know that the universe contains about a hundred billion galaxies  about the same number of galaxies as there are stars in the Milky Way Galaxy. (a) [SEP] Today , we know that the universe contains about a hundred billion galaxies about the same number of galaxies
When sunlight reflects off Uranus, clouds of methane filter out red light, giving the planet a blue-green color. There are bands of clouds in the atmosphere of Uranus, but they are hard to see in normal light, so the planet looks like a plain blue ball.  [SEP] There are bands of clouds in the atmosphere of Uranus , but they are hard to see in normal light
When sunlight reflects off Uranus, clouds of methane filter out red light, giving the planet a blue-green color. There are bands of clouds in the atmosphere of Uranus, but they are hard to see in normal light, so the planet looks like a plain blue ball.  [SEP] the planet looks like a plain blue ball .
Most of the planets in the solar system rotate on their axes in the same direction that they move around the Sun. Uranus, though, is tilted on its side, so its axis is almost parallel to its orbit. In other words, it rotates like a top that was turned so that it was spinning parallel to the floor. [SEP] Uranus , though , is tilted on its side
Most of the planets in the solar system rotate on their axes in the same direction that they move around the Sun. Uranus, though, is tilted on its side, so its axis is almost parallel to its orbit. In other words, it rotates like a top that was turned so that it was spinning parallel to the floor. [SEP] its axis is almost parallel to its orbit .
Uranus, though, is tilted on its side, so its axis is almost parallel to its orbit. In other words, it rotates like a top that was turned so that it was spinning parallel to the floor. Scientists think that Uranus was probably knocked over by a collision with another planet-sized object billions of years ago. [SEP] In other words , it rotates like a top that was turned
Uranus, though, is tilted on its side, so its axis is almost parallel to its orbit. In other words, it rotates like a top that was turned so that it was spinning parallel to the floor. Scientists think that Uranus was probably knocked over by a collision with another planet-sized object billions of years ago. [SEP] it was spinning parallel to the floor .
Uranus has a faint system of rings (Figure 1.1). The rings circle the planets equator, but because Uranus is tilted on its side, the rings are almost perpendicular to the planets orbit. This image from the Hubble Space Tele- scope shows the faint rings of Uranus. [SEP] Uranus is tilted on its side
Uranus has a faint system of rings (Figure 1.1). The rings circle the planets equator, but because Uranus is tilted on its side, the rings are almost perpendicular to the planets orbit. This image from the Hubble Space Tele- scope shows the faint rings of Uranus. [SEP] the rings are almost perpendicular to the planets orbit .
This image from the Hubble Space Tele- scope shows the faint rings of Uranus. The planet is tilted on its side, so the rings are nearly vertical. Uranus has 27 known moons and all but a few of them are named for characters from the plays of William Shakespeare. [SEP] The planet is tilted on its side
This image from the Hubble Space Tele- scope shows the faint rings of Uranus. The planet is tilted on its side, so the rings are nearly vertical. Uranus has 27 known moons and all but a few of them are named for characters from the plays of William Shakespeare. [SEP] the rings are nearly vertical .
Uranus (YOOR-uh-nuhs) is named for the Greek god of the sky. From Earth, Uranus is so faint that it was unnoticed by ancient observers. William Herschel first discovered the planet in 1781. [SEP] From Earth , Uranus is so faint
Uranus (YOOR-uh-nuhs) is named for the Greek god of the sky. From Earth, Uranus is so faint that it was unnoticed by ancient observers. William Herschel first discovered the planet in 1781. [SEP] it was unnoticed by ancient observers .
Uranus has a mass about 14 times the mass of Earth, but it is much less dense than Earth. Gravity at the surface of Uranus is weaker than on Earths surface, so if you were at the top of the clouds on Uranus, you would weigh about 10% less than what you weigh on Earth.  [SEP] Gravity at the surface of Uranus is weaker than on Earths surface
Uranus has a mass about 14 times the mass of Earth, but it is much less dense than Earth. Gravity at the surface of Uranus is weaker than on Earths surface, so if you were at the top of the clouds on Uranus, you would weigh about 10% less than what you weigh on Earth.  [SEP] if you were at the top of the clouds on Uranus , you would weigh about 10 % less than what you weigh on Earth .
Uranus has a mass about 14 times the mass of Earth, but it is much less dense than Earth. Gravity at the surface of Uranus is weaker than on Earths surface, so if you were at the top of the clouds on Uranus, you would weigh about 10% less than what you weigh on Earth.  [SEP] you were at the top of the clouds on Uranus
Uranus has a mass about 14 times the mass of Earth, but it is much less dense than Earth. Gravity at the surface of Uranus is weaker than on Earths surface, so if you were at the top of the clouds on Uranus, you would weigh about 10% less than what you weigh on Earth.  [SEP] you would weigh about 10 % less than what you weigh on Earth .
Many recreational water uses are non-consumptive including swimming, fishing, and boating. Golf courses are the biggest recreational water consumer since they require large amounts for irrigation, especially because many courses are located in warm, sunny, desert regions where water is scarce and evaporation is high.  [SEP] they require large amounts for irrigation
Many recreational water uses are non-consumptive including swimming, fishing, and boating. Golf courses are the biggest recreational water consumer since they require large amounts for irrigation, especially because many courses are located in warm, sunny, desert regions where water is scarce and evaporation is high.  [SEP] especially because many courses are located in warm , sunny , desert regions where water is scarce and evaporation is high .
Many recreational water uses are non-consumptive including swimming, fishing, and boating. Golf courses are the biggest recreational water consumer since they require large amounts for irrigation, especially because many courses are located in warm, sunny, desert regions where water is scarce and evaporation is high.  [SEP] many courses are located in warm
Many recreational water uses are non-consumptive including swimming, fishing, and boating. Golf courses are the biggest recreational water consumer since they require large amounts for irrigation, especially because many courses are located in warm, sunny, desert regions where water is scarce and evaporation is high.  [SEP] sunny , desert regions where water is scarce and evaporation is
Globally, household or personal water use is estimated to account for 15% of world-wide water use. Some household water uses are non-consumptive, because water is recaptured in sewer systems, treated, and returned to surface water supplies for reuse. Many things can be done to lower water consumption at home. [SEP] water is recaptured in sewer systems
Globally, household or personal water use is estimated to account for 15% of world-wide water use. Some household water uses are non-consumptive, because water is recaptured in sewer systems, treated, and returned to surface water supplies for reuse. Many things can be done to lower water consumption at home. [SEP] treated , and returned to surface water supplies for reuse .
Natural landscapes, such as mangroves, which are rich ecosystems and also protect coastlines from storm damage, may be lost to fish farms (Figure 1.4). For fish farmers, keeping costs down may be a problem since coastal land may be expensive and labor costs may be high. Large predatory fish at the 4th or 5th trophic level must eat a lot, so feeding large numbers of these fish is expensive and environmentally costly. [SEP] coastal land may be expensive and labor costs may be high .
Natural landscapes, such as mangroves, which are rich ecosystems and also protect coastlines from storm damage, may be lost to fish farms (Figure 1.4). For fish farmers, keeping costs down may be a problem since coastal land may be expensive and labor costs may be high. Large predatory fish at the 4th or 5th trophic level must eat a lot, so feeding large numbers of these fish is expensive and environmentally costly. [SEP] For fish farmers , keeping costs down may be a problem
For fish farmers, keeping costs down may be a problem since coastal land may be expensive and labor costs may be high. Large predatory fish at the 4th or 5th trophic level must eat a lot, so feeding large numbers of these fish is expensive and environmentally costly. Farmed fish are genetically different from wild stocks, and if they escape into the wild they may cause problems for native fish. [SEP] Large predatory fish at the 4th or 5th trophic level must eat a lot
For fish farmers, keeping costs down may be a problem since coastal land may be expensive and labor costs may be high. Large predatory fish at the 4th or 5th trophic level must eat a lot, so feeding large numbers of these fish is expensive and environmentally costly. Farmed fish are genetically different from wild stocks, and if they escape into the wild they may cause problems for native fish. [SEP] feeding large numbers of these fish is expensive and environmentally costly .
Large predatory fish at the 4th or 5th trophic level must eat a lot, so feeding large numbers of these fish is expensive and environmentally costly. Farmed fish are genetically different from wild stocks, and if they escape into the wild they may cause problems for native fish. Because the organisms live so close together, parasites are common and may also escape into the wild. [SEP] they escape into the wild they may cause problems for native fish .
Large predatory fish at the 4th or 5th trophic level must eat a lot, so feeding large numbers of these fish is expensive and environmentally costly. Farmed fish are genetically different from wild stocks, and if they escape into the wild they may cause problems for native fish. Because the organisms live so close together, parasites are common and may also escape into the wild. [SEP] Farmed fish are genetically different from wild stocks , and
Farmed fish are genetically different from wild stocks, and if they escape into the wild they may cause problems for native fish. Because the organisms live so close together, parasites are common and may also escape into the wild. Shrimp farms on the coast of Ecuador are shown as blue rectangles. [SEP] Because the organisms live
Farmed fish are genetically different from wild stocks, and if they escape into the wild they may cause problems for native fish. Because the organisms live so close together, parasites are common and may also escape into the wild. Shrimp farms on the coast of Ecuador are shown as blue rectangles. [SEP] close together , parasites are common and may also escape into the wild .
Aquaculture is farming to raise fish, shellfish, algae, or aquatic plants (Figure 1.3). As the supplies of fish from lakes, rivers, and the oceans dwindle, people are getting more fish from aquaculture. Raising fish increases our food resources and is especially valuable where protein sources are limited. [SEP] the supplies of fish from lakes , rivers , and the oceans dwindle , people are getting more fish from aquaculture .
Aquaculture is farming to raise fish, shellfish, algae, or aquatic plants (Figure 1.3). As the supplies of fish from lakes, rivers, and the oceans dwindle, people are getting more fish from aquaculture. Raising fish increases our food resources and is especially valuable where protein sources are limited. [SEP] Aquaculture is farming to raise fish , shellfish , algae , or aquatic plants -LRB- Figure 1.3 -RRB- .
Why do farmers use wasteful irrigation methods when water-efficient methods are available? Many farmers and farming corporations have not switched to more efficient irrigation methods for two reasons: 1. Drip irrigation and other more efficient irrigation methods are more expensive than sprinklers, trenches, and flooding. [SEP] 1 . Drip irrigation and other more efficient irrigation methods are more expensive than sprinklers , trenches , and flooding
Why do farmers use wasteful irrigation methods when water-efficient methods are available? Many farmers and farming corporations have not switched to more efficient irrigation methods for two reasons: 1. Drip irrigation and other more efficient irrigation methods are more expensive than sprinklers, trenches, and flooding. [SEP] Many farmers and farming corporations have not switched to more efficient irrigation methods
In the United States and some other countries, the government pays for much of the cost of the water that is used for agriculture. Because farmers do not pay the full cost of their water use, they do not have any financial incentive to use less water. What ideas can you come up with to encourage farmers to use more efficient irrigation systems? [SEP] farmers do not pay the full cost of their water use
In the United States and some other countries, the government pays for much of the cost of the water that is used for agriculture. Because farmers do not pay the full cost of their water use, they do not have any financial incentive to use less water. What ideas can you come up with to encourage farmers to use more efficient irrigation systems? [SEP] they do not have any financial incentive to use less water .
With drip irrigation, pipes and tubes deliver small amounts of water directly to the soil at the roots of each plant or tree. The water is not sprayed into the air or over the ground, so nearly all of it goes directly into the soil and plant roots.  [SEP] The water is not sprayed into the air or over the ground
With drip irrigation, pipes and tubes deliver small amounts of water directly to the soil at the roots of each plant or tree. The water is not sprayed into the air or over the ground, so nearly all of it goes directly into the soil and plant roots.  [SEP] nearly all of it goes directly into the soil and plant roots .
All of these methods waste water. Between 15% and 36% percent of the water never reaches the crops because it evaporates or leaves the fields as runoff. Water that runs off a field often takes valuable soil with it. [SEP] it evaporates or leaves the fields as runoff .
All of these methods waste water. Between 15% and 36% percent of the water never reaches the crops because it evaporates or leaves the fields as runoff. Water that runs off a field often takes valuable soil with it. [SEP] Between 15 % and 36 % percent of the water never reaches the crops
Venus thick clouds reflect sunlight well, so Venus is very bright. When it is visible, Venus is the brightest object in the sky besides the Sun and the Moon. [SEP] thick clouds reflect sunlight well
Venus thick clouds reflect sunlight well, so Venus is very bright. When it is visible, Venus is the brightest object in the sky besides the Sun and the Moon. [SEP] Venus is very bright .
When it is visible, Venus is the brightest object in the sky besides the Sun and the Moon. Because the orbit of Venus is inside Earths orbit, Venus always appears close to the Sun. When Venus rises just before the Sun rises, the bright object is called the morning star. [SEP] the orbit of Venus is inside Earths orbit
When it is visible, Venus is the brightest object in the sky besides the Sun and the Moon. Because the orbit of Venus is inside Earths orbit, Venus always appears close to the Sun. When Venus rises just before the Sun rises, the bright object is called the morning star. [SEP] Venus always appears close to the Sun .
 Since spacecraft cannot see through the thick atmosphere, radar is used to map Venus surface. Many features found on the surface are similar to Earth and yet are very different. [SEP] spacecraft can not see through the thick atmosphere
 Since spacecraft cannot see through the thick atmosphere, radar is used to map Venus surface. Many features found on the surface are similar to Earth and yet are very different. [SEP] radar is used to map Venus surface .
Earth has fewer impact craters than Mercury and the Moon, too. Is this for the same reason that Venus has fewer impact craters? Its difficult for scientists to figure out the geological history of Venus. [SEP] Venus has fewer impact craters ?
Earth has fewer impact craters than Mercury and the Moon, too. Is this for the same reason that Venus has fewer impact craters? Its difficult for scientists to figure out the geological history of Venus. [SEP] Is this
The environment is too harsh for a rover to go there. It is even more difficult for students to figure out the geological history of a distant planet based on the information given here. Still, we can piece together a few things. [SEP] the information given here
The environment is too harsh for a rover to go there. It is even more difficult for students to figure out the geological history of a distant planet based on the information given here. Still, we can piece together a few things. [SEP] It is even more difficult for students to figure out the geological history of a distant planet
Still, we can piece together a few things. On Earth, volcanism is generated because the planets interior is hot. Much of the volcanic activity is caused by plate tectonic activity. [SEP] the planets interior is hot .
Still, we can piece together a few things. On Earth, volcanism is generated because the planets interior is hot. Much of the volcanic activity is caused by plate tectonic activity. [SEP] On Earth , volcanism is generated
do not line up the way they do at plate boundaries. Because the density of impact craters can be used to determine how old a planets surface is, the small number of impact craters means that Venus surface is young. Scientists think that there is frequent, planet-wide resurfacing of Venus with volcanism taking place in many locations. [SEP] the density of impact craters can be used to determine how old a planets surface is
do not line up the way they do at plate boundaries. Because the density of impact craters can be used to determine how old a planets surface is, the small number of impact craters means that Venus surface is young. Scientists think that there is frequent, planet-wide resurfacing of Venus with volcanism taking place in many locations. [SEP] the small number of impact craters means that Venus surface is young .
URL:   The atmosphere of Venus is so thick that the atmospheric pressure on the planets surface is 90 times greater than the atmospheric pressure on Earths surface. The dense atmosphere totally obscures the surface of Venus, even from spacecraft orbiting the planet. [SEP] The atmosphere of Venus is so thick
URL:   The atmosphere of Venus is so thick that the atmospheric pressure on the planets surface is 90 times greater than the atmospheric pressure on Earths surface. The dense atmosphere totally obscures the surface of Venus, even from spacecraft orbiting the planet. [SEP] the atmospheric pressure on the planets surface is 90 times greater than the atmospheric pressure on Earths surface .
Global warming will change patterns of rainfall and water distribution. As the Earth warms, regions that currently receive an adequate supply of rain may shift. Regions that rely on snowmelt may find that there is less snow and the melt comes earlier and faster in the spring, causing the water to run off and not be available through the dry summers. [SEP] the Earth warms , regions that currently receive an adequate supply of rain may shift .
Global warming will change patterns of rainfall and water distribution. As the Earth warms, regions that currently receive an adequate supply of rain may shift. Regions that rely on snowmelt may find that there is less snow and the melt comes earlier and faster in the spring, causing the water to run off and not be available through the dry summers. [SEP] Global warming will change patterns of rainfall and water distribution .
 Water scarcity is a problem now and will become an even larger problem in the future as water sources are reduced or polluted and population grows. In 1995, about 40% of the worlds population faced water scarcity. [SEP] water sources are reduced or polluted and
 Water scarcity is a problem now and will become an even larger problem in the future as water sources are reduced or polluted and population grows. In 1995, about 40% of the worlds population faced water scarcity. [SEP] Water scarcity is a problem now and will become an even larger problem in the future
For example, deforestation keeps trees from returning water to the atmosphere by transpiration; part of the water cycle becomes broken. Because it is difficult to predict when droughts will happen, it is difficult for countries to predict how serious water shortages will be each year. Extended periods with lower than normal rainfall cause droughts. [SEP] it is difficult to predict when droughts will happen
For example, deforestation keeps trees from returning water to the atmosphere by transpiration; part of the water cycle becomes broken. Because it is difficult to predict when droughts will happen, it is difficult for countries to predict how serious water shortages will be each year. Extended periods with lower than normal rainfall cause droughts. [SEP] it is difficult for countries to predict how serious water shortages will be each year .
 Water pollution contributes to water shortages by making some water sources unavailable for use. In underdeveloped countries, raw sewage is dumped into the same water that people drink and bathe in. [SEP] making some water sources unavailable for use
 Water pollution contributes to water shortages by making some water sources unavailable for use. In underdeveloped countries, raw sewage is dumped into the same water that people drink and bathe in. [SEP] Water pollution contributes to water shortages
 No human being can watch for millions of years as mountains are built, nor can anyone watch as those same mountains gradually are worn away. But imagine a new sidewalk or road. [SEP] mountains are built , nor
 No human being can watch for millions of years as mountains are built, nor can anyone watch as those same mountains gradually are worn away. But imagine a new sidewalk or road. [SEP] No human being can watch for millions of years
It breaks into pieces. Once these sediments are separated from the rocks, erosion is the process that moves the sediments. While plate tectonics forces work to build huge mountains and other landscapes, the forces of weathering gradually wear those rocks and landscapes away. [SEP] these sediments are separated from the rocks
It breaks into pieces. Once these sediments are separated from the rocks, erosion is the process that moves the sediments. While plate tectonics forces work to build huge mountains and other landscapes, the forces of weathering gradually wear those rocks and landscapes away. [SEP] erosion is the process that moves the sediments .
In his book he said that around 300 million years ago the continents had all been joined into a single landmass he called Pangaea, meaning all earth in ancient Greek. The supercontinent later broke apart and the continents having been moving into their current positions ever since. He called his hypothesis continental drift. [SEP] . He called his hypothesis continental drift
In his book he said that around 300 million years ago the continents had all been joined into a single landmass he called Pangaea, meaning all earth in ancient Greek. The supercontinent later broke apart and the continents having been moving into their current positions ever since. He called his hypothesis continental drift. [SEP] The supercontinent later broke apart and the continents having been moving into their current positions ever
 Wegeners idea seemed so outlandish at the time that he was ridiculed by other scientists. What do you think the problem was? [SEP] Wegeners idea seemed so outlandish
 Wegeners idea seemed so outlandish at the time that he was ridiculed by other scientists. What do you think the problem was? [SEP] he was ridiculed by other scientists .
To his colleagues, his greatest problem was that he had no plausible mechanism for how the continents could move through the oceans. Based on his polar experiences, Wegener suggested that the continents were like icebreaking ships plowing through ice sheets. The continents moved by centrifugal and tidal forces. [SEP] his polar experiences
To his colleagues, his greatest problem was that he had no plausible mechanism for how the continents could move through the oceans. Based on his polar experiences, Wegener suggested that the continents were like icebreaking ships plowing through ice sheets. The continents moved by centrifugal and tidal forces. [SEP] Wegener suggested that the continents were like icebreaking ships plowing through ice sheets .
The continents moved by centrifugal and tidal forces. As Wegeners colleague, how would you go about showing whether these forces could move continents? What observations would you expect to see on these continents? [SEP] Wegeners colleague , how would you go about showing whether these forces could move
The continents moved by centrifugal and tidal forces. As Wegeners colleague, how would you go about showing whether these forces could move continents? What observations would you expect to see on these continents? [SEP] The continents moved by centrifugal and tidal forces .
Scientists at the time calculated that centrifugal and tidal forces were too weak to move continents. When one scientist did calculations that assumed that these forces were strong enough to move continents, his result was that if Earth had such strong forces the planet would stop rotating in less than one year. In addition, scientists also thought that the continents that had been plowing through the ocean basins should be much more deformed than they are. [SEP] Earth had such strong forces the planet would stop rotating in less than one year .
Scientists at the time calculated that centrifugal and tidal forces were too weak to move continents. When one scientist did calculations that assumed that these forces were strong enough to move continents, his result was that if Earth had such strong forces the planet would stop rotating in less than one year. In addition, scientists also thought that the continents that had been plowing through the ocean basins should be much more deformed than they are. [SEP] When one scientist did calculations that assumed that these forces were strong enough to move continents , his result was that
Are you going to support Wegener? A very few scientists did, since his hypothesis elegantly explained the similar fossils and rocks on opposite sides of the ocean, but most did not.  [SEP] his hypothesis elegantly explained the similar fossils and rocks on opposite sides of the ocean
Are you going to support Wegener? A very few scientists did, since his hypothesis elegantly explained the similar fossils and rocks on opposite sides of the ocean, but most did not.  [SEP] but most did not .
Another of We- geners colleagues, Arthur Holmes, elaborated on Wegeners idea that there is thermal convection in the mantle. In a convection cell, material deep beneath the surface is heated so that its density is lowered and it rises. Near the surface it becomes cooler and denser, so it sinks. [SEP] In a convection cell , material deep beneath the surface is heated
Another of We- geners colleagues, Arthur Holmes, elaborated on Wegeners idea that there is thermal convection in the mantle. In a convection cell, material deep beneath the surface is heated so that its density is lowered and it rises. Near the surface it becomes cooler and denser, so it sinks. [SEP] its density is lowered and it rises .
In a convection cell, material deep beneath the surface is heated so that its density is lowered and it rises. Near the surface it becomes cooler and denser, so it sinks. Holmes thought this could be like a conveyor belt. [SEP] Near the surface it becomes cooler and denser
In a convection cell, material deep beneath the surface is heated so that its density is lowered and it rises. Near the surface it becomes cooler and denser, so it sinks. Holmes thought this could be like a conveyor belt. [SEP] it sinks .
For the most part the continental drift idea was put to rest for a few decades, until technological advances presented even more evidence that the continents moved and gave scientists the tools to develop a mechanism for Wegeners drifting continents. Since youre on a virtual field trip, you get to go along with them as well. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] youre on a virtual field trip , you get to go along with them as well .
For the most part the continental drift idea was put to rest for a few decades, until technological advances presented even more evidence that the continents moved and gave scientists the tools to develop a mechanism for Wegeners drifting continents. Since youre on a virtual field trip, you get to go along with them as well. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] , until technological advances presented even more evidence that the continents moved and gave scientists the tools to develop a mechanism for Wegeners drifting continents .
A" shows that a water molecule travels in a circular motion in deep water. "B" shows that molecules in shallow water travel in an elliptical path because of the ocean bottom.  [SEP] the ocean bottom
A" shows that a water molecule travels in a circular motion in deep water. "B" shows that molecules in shallow water travel in an elliptical path because of the ocean bottom.  [SEP] `` B '' shows that molecules in shallow water travel in an elliptical path
blows over a long distance The wind could be strong, but if it gusts for just a short time, large waves wont form. Wind blowing across the water transfers energy to that water. [SEP] it gusts for just a short time
blows over a long distance The wind could be strong, but if it gusts for just a short time, large waves wont form. Wind blowing across the water transfers energy to that water. [SEP] large waves wont form .
Wind blowing across the water transfers energy to that water. The energy first creates tiny ripples, which make an uneven surface for the wind to catch so that it may create larger waves. These waves travel across the ocean out of the area where the wind is blowing. [SEP] The energy first creates tiny ripples , which make an uneven surface for the wind to catch
Wind blowing across the water transfers energy to that water. The energy first creates tiny ripples, which make an uneven surface for the wind to catch so that it may create larger waves. These waves travel across the ocean out of the area where the wind is blowing. [SEP] it may create larger waves .
Waves break when they become too tall to be supported by their base. This can happen at sea but happens predictably as a wave moves up a shore. The energy at the bottom of the wave is lost by friction with the ground, so that the bottom of the wave slows down but the top of the wave continues at the same speed. [SEP] a wave moves up a shore .
Waves break when they become too tall to be supported by their base. This can happen at sea but happens predictably as a wave moves up a shore. The energy at the bottom of the wave is lost by friction with the ground, so that the bottom of the wave slows down but the top of the wave continues at the same speed. [SEP] This can happen at sea but happens predictably
This can happen at sea but happens predictably as a wave moves up a shore. The energy at the bottom of the wave is lost by friction with the ground, so that the bottom of the wave slows down but the top of the wave continues at the same speed. The crest falls over and crashes down. [SEP] The energy at the bottom of the wave is lost by friction with the ground ,
This can happen at sea but happens predictably as a wave moves up a shore. The energy at the bottom of the wave is lost by friction with the ground, so that the bottom of the wave slows down but the top of the wave continues at the same speed. The crest falls over and crashes down. [SEP] the bottom of the wave slows down but the top of the wave continues at the same speed .
They couldnt be discovered until the microscope was invented. The discovery of cells led to the cell theory. This is one of the most important theories in life science. [SEP] The discovery of cells
They couldnt be discovered until the microscope was invented. The discovery of cells led to the cell theory. This is one of the most important theories in life science. [SEP] the cell theory
The most powerful light microscopes now available can make objects look up to 2000 times their actual size. You can learn how to use a light microscope by watching this short video: http MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL:   [SEP] watching this short video
The most powerful light microscopes now available can make objects look up to 2000 times their actual size. You can learn how to use a light microscope by watching this short video: http MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL:   [SEP] : http MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below .
 Roundworms have a round body because they have a partial fluid-filled body cavity (pseudocoelom). This is one way that roundworms differ from flatworms. [SEP] they have a partial fluid-filled body cavity -LRB- pseudocoelom -RRB- .
 Roundworms have a round body because they have a partial fluid-filled body cavity (pseudocoelom). This is one way that roundworms differ from flatworms. [SEP] Roundworms have a round body
 Flatworms have a flat body because they lack a fluid-filled body cavity. They also have an incomplete digestive system with a single opening. [SEP] they lack a fluid-filled body cavity .
 Flatworms have a flat body because they lack a fluid-filled body cavity. They also have an incomplete digestive system with a single opening. [SEP] Flatworms have a flat body
They have a mesoderm layer in addition to ectoderm and endoderm layers. The mesoderm layer allows flatworms to develop muscle tissues so they can move easily over solid surfaces. Flatworms have a concentration of nerve tissue in the head end. [SEP] The mesoderm layer allows flatworms to develop muscle tissues
They have a mesoderm layer in addition to ectoderm and endoderm layers. The mesoderm layer allows flatworms to develop muscle tissues so they can move easily over solid surfaces. Flatworms have a concentration of nerve tissue in the head end. [SEP] they can move easily over solid surfaces .
They generally feed on bacteria, fungi, protozoa, or decaying organic matter. By breaking down organic matter, they play an important role in the carbon cycle. Parasitic roundworms may have plant, invertebrate, or vertebrate hosts. [SEP] breaking down organic matter
They generally feed on bacteria, fungi, protozoa, or decaying organic matter. By breaking down organic matter, they play an important role in the carbon cycle. Parasitic roundworms may have plant, invertebrate, or vertebrate hosts. [SEP] , they play an important role in the carbon cycle .
Then the cycle repeats. You can learn more about parasitic roundworms in humans by watching this short video:  . MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] watching this short video
Then the cycle repeats. You can learn more about parasitic roundworms in humans by watching this short video:  . MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] : .
Most mollusks have a distinct head region. The head may have tentacles for sensing the environment and grasping food. Mollusks generally have a muscular foot, which may be used for walking or other purposes. [SEP] sensing the environment and grasping food
Most mollusks have a distinct head region. The head may have tentacles for sensing the environment and grasping food. Mollusks generally have a muscular foot, which may be used for walking or other purposes. [SEP] The head may have tentacles
Have you ever been to the ocean or eaten seafood? If you have, then youve probably encountered members of Phylum Mollusca. In addition to snails, mollusks include squids, slugs, scallops, and clams. [SEP] you have
Have you ever been to the ocean or eaten seafood? If you have, then youve probably encountered members of Phylum Mollusca. In addition to snails, mollusks include squids, slugs, scallops, and clams. [SEP] then youve probably encountered members of Phylum Mollusca .
Amphibians were the first terrestrial vertebrates. They lived on land as adults, but they had to return to the water to reproduce. The earliest reptiles evolved from an amphibian ancestor. [SEP] adults , but they had to return to the water to
Amphibians were the first terrestrial vertebrates. They lived on land as adults, but they had to return to the water to reproduce. The earliest reptiles evolved from an amphibian ancestor. [SEP] They lived on land
Reptiles were the first vertebrates that did not need water to reproduce. Thats because they laid waterproof amniotic eggs. These eggs allowed the embryo inside to breathe without drying out. [SEP] they laid waterproof amniotic eggs .
Reptiles were the first vertebrates that did not need water to reproduce. Thats because they laid waterproof amniotic eggs. These eggs allowed the embryo inside to breathe without drying out. [SEP] Reptiles were the first vertebrates that did not need water to reproduce . Thats
It develops from the notochord after the embryonic stage. As you can see in Figure 13.2 the vertebral column runs from head to tail along the dorsal (top) side of the body. The vertebral column is made up of repeating units of bone called vertebrae (vertebra, singular). [SEP] you can see in Figure 13.2 the vertebral column runs from head to tail along the dorsal -LRB- top -RRB- side of the body .
It develops from the notochord after the embryonic stage. As you can see in Figure 13.2 the vertebral column runs from head to tail along the dorsal (top) side of the body. The vertebral column is made up of repeating units of bone called vertebrae (vertebra, singular). [SEP] It develops from the notochord after the embryonic stage .
In cold weather, an ectotherm cools down. As its body temperature drops, its metabolism slows down and it becomes inactive. Both mammals and birds evolved endothermy. [SEP] its body temperature drops , its metabolism slows
In cold weather, an ectotherm cools down. As its body temperature drops, its metabolism slows down and it becomes inactive. Both mammals and birds evolved endothermy. [SEP] In cold weather , an ectotherm cools down .
Endothermy means controlling body temperature within a narrow range from the inside through biochemical or physical means. For example, on a cold day, an endotherm may produce more body heat by increasing its rate of metabolism. On a hot day, it may give off more heat by increasing blood flow to the surface of the body. [SEP] increasing its rate of metabolism
Endothermy means controlling body temperature within a narrow range from the inside through biochemical or physical means. For example, on a cold day, an endotherm may produce more body heat by increasing its rate of metabolism. On a hot day, it may give off more heat by increasing blood flow to the surface of the body. [SEP] For example , on a cold day , an endotherm may produce more body heat
For example, on a cold day, an endotherm may produce more body heat by increasing its rate of metabolism. On a hot day, it may give off more heat by increasing blood flow to the surface of the body. That way, some of the heat can radiate into the air from the bodys surface. [SEP] increasing blood flow to the surface of the body
For example, on a cold day, an endotherm may produce more body heat by increasing its rate of metabolism. On a hot day, it may give off more heat by increasing blood flow to the surface of the body. That way, some of the heat can radiate into the air from the bodys surface. [SEP] On a hot day , it may give off more heat
However, it allows the animal to stay active regardless of the temperature outside. You can learn more about how vertebrates regulate their temperature by watching this video:  .  [SEP] watching this video
However, it allows the animal to stay active regardless of the temperature outside. You can learn more about how vertebrates regulate their temperature by watching this video:  .  [SEP] : .
With spawning, fish parents cant identify their own offspring. Therefore, in most species, there is no parental care of offspring. However, there are exceptions. [SEP] With spawning , fish parents cant identify their own offspring
With spawning, fish parents cant identify their own offspring. Therefore, in most species, there is no parental care of offspring. However, there are exceptions. [SEP] in most species , there is no parental care of offspring .
This is a balloon-like organ containing gas. By inflating or deflating their swim bladder, fish can rise or sink in the water.  [SEP] inflating or deflating their swim bladder
This is a balloon-like organ containing gas. By inflating or deflating their swim bladder, fish can rise or sink in the water.  [SEP] , fish can rise or sink in the water .
They secrete large amounts of thick, slimy mucus. This makes them slippery, so they can slip out of the jaws of predators. Lampreys lack scales but have fins and a partial backbone. [SEP] This makes them slippery
They secrete large amounts of thick, slimy mucus. This makes them slippery, so they can slip out of the jaws of predators. Lampreys lack scales but have fins and a partial backbone. [SEP] they can slip out of the jaws of predators .
The average human adult consists of an incredible 100 trillion cells! Cells are the basic units of structure and function in the human body, as they are in all living things. Each cell must carry out basic life processes in order to survive and help keep the body alive. [SEP] they are in all living things .
The average human adult consists of an incredible 100 trillion cells! Cells are the basic units of structure and function in the human body, as they are in all living things. Each cell must carry out basic life processes in order to survive and help keep the body alive. [SEP] Cells are the basic units of structure and function in the human body
Each cell must carry out basic life processes in order to survive and help keep the body alive. Most human cells also have characteristics for carrying out other, special functions. For example, muscle cells have extra mitochondria to provide the energy needed to move the body. [SEP] carrying out other , special functions
Each cell must carry out basic life processes in order to survive and help keep the body alive. Most human cells also have characteristics for carrying out other, special functions. For example, muscle cells have extra mitochondria to provide the energy needed to move the body. [SEP] Most human cells also have characteristics
For example, levels of sugar, carbon dioxide, and water in the blood must be kept within narrow ranges. This requires continuous adjustments. For example: After you eat and digest a sugary snack, the level of sugar in your blood quickly rises. [SEP] continuous adjustments
For example, levels of sugar, carbon dioxide, and water in the blood must be kept within narrow ranges. This requires continuous adjustments. For example: After you eat and digest a sugary snack, the level of sugar in your blood quickly rises. [SEP] For example , levels of sugar , carbon dioxide , and water in the blood must be kept within narrow ranges
Cells may not get everything they need, or toxic wastes may build up in the body. If homeostasis is not restored, it may cause illness or even death.  [SEP] homeostasis is not restored
Cells may not get everything they need, or toxic wastes may build up in the body. If homeostasis is not restored, it may cause illness or even death.  [SEP] it may cause illness or even death .
 From the outside, the skin looks plain and simple, as you can see in Figure 16.5. But at a cellular level, theres nothing plain or simple about it. [SEP] you can see in Figure 16.5 .
 From the outside, the skin looks plain and simple, as you can see in Figure 16.5. But at a cellular level, theres nothing plain or simple about it. [SEP] From the outside , the skin looks plain and simple
You can see both layers and some of their structures in Figure 16.6. Refer to the figure as you read about the epidermis and dermis below.  [SEP] you read about the epidermis and dermis below .
You can see both layers and some of their structures in Figure 16.6. Refer to the figure as you read about the epidermis and dermis below.  [SEP] You can see both layers and some of their structures in Figure 16.6 . Refer to the figure
The new cells gradually move up through the epidermis toward the surface of the body. As they move, they produce the tough, fibrous protein called keratin. 3. [SEP] they move , they produce the tough , fibrous protein called keratin .
The new cells gradually move up through the epidermis toward the surface of the body. As they move, they produce the tough, fibrous protein called keratin. 3. [SEP] The new cells gradually move up through the epidermis toward the surface of the body .
Dead cells are gradually shed from the surface of the epidermis. As they are shed, they are replaced by other dead cells that move up from below. The epidermis also contains cells called melanocytes. [SEP] they are shed , they are replaced by other dead cells that move up from below .
Dead cells are gradually shed from the surface of the epidermis. As they are shed, they are replaced by other dead cells that move up from below. The epidermis also contains cells called melanocytes. [SEP] Dead cells are gradually shed from the surface of the epidermis .
Look again at Figure pain, pressure, and temperature. If you cut your skin and it bleeds, the cut has penetrated the dermis and damaged a blood vessel. The cut probably hurts as well because of the nerve endings in this skin layer. [SEP] you cut your skin and it bleeds
Look again at Figure pain, pressure, and temperature. If you cut your skin and it bleeds, the cut has penetrated the dermis and damaged a blood vessel. The cut probably hurts as well because of the nerve endings in this skin layer. [SEP] the cut has penetrated the dermis and damaged a blood vessel .
If you cut your skin and it bleeds, the cut has penetrated the dermis and damaged a blood vessel. The cut probably hurts as well because of the nerve endings in this skin layer. The dermis also contains hair follicles and two types of glands. [SEP] The cut probably hurts as well
If you cut your skin and it bleeds, the cut has penetrated the dermis and damaged a blood vessel. The cut probably hurts as well because of the nerve endings in this skin layer. The dermis also contains hair follicles and two types of glands. [SEP] . The dermis also contains hair follicles and two types of glands
Their job is to protect the ends of the fingers and toes. They also make it easier to feel things with the sensitive fingertips by acting as a counterforce when things are handled.  [SEP] acting as a counterforce when things are handled
Their job is to protect the ends of the fingers and toes. They also make it easier to feel things with the sensitive fingertips by acting as a counterforce when things are handled.  [SEP] They also make it easier to feel things with the sensitive fingertips
The dead cells overlap each other, almost like shingles on a roof. They work like shingles as well, by helping shed water from hair. Head hair helps protect the scalp from sun exposure. [SEP] helping shed water from hair
The dead cells overlap each other, almost like shingles on a roof. They work like shingles as well, by helping shed water from hair. Head hair helps protect the scalp from sun exposure. [SEP] They work like shingles as well ,
It also helps insulate the body. It traps air so heat cant escape from the head. Hair in eyelashes and eyebrows helps keep water and dust out of the eyes. [SEP] also helps insulate the body . It traps air
It also helps insulate the body. It traps air so heat cant escape from the head. Hair in eyelashes and eyebrows helps keep water and dust out of the eyes. [SEP] heat cant escape from the head .
Hair in eyelashes and eyebrows helps keep water and dust out of the eyes. Hairs inside the nostrils of the nose trap dust and germs in the air so they cant reach the lungs.  [SEP] in eyelashes and eyebrows helps keep water and dust out of the eyes . Hairs inside the nostrils of the nose trap dust and germs in the air
Hair in eyelashes and eyebrows helps keep water and dust out of the eyes. Hairs inside the nostrils of the nose trap dust and germs in the air so they cant reach the lungs.  [SEP] they cant reach the lungs .
Protecting your skin in these ways will reduce damage to your skin by ultraviolet light. This is important because skin that has been damaged by ultraviolet light is at greater risk of developing skin cancer. This is true whether the damage is due to sunlight or the light in tanning beds. [SEP] skin that has been damaged by ultraviolet light is at greater risk of developing skin cancer .
Protecting your skin in these ways will reduce damage to your skin by ultraviolet light. This is important because skin that has been damaged by ultraviolet light is at greater risk of developing skin cancer. This is true whether the damage is due to sunlight or the light in tanning beds. [SEP] This is important
This is important because skin that has been damaged by ultraviolet light is at greater risk of developing skin cancer. This is true whether the damage is due to sunlight or the light in tanning beds. About 85 percent of teens develop acne, like the boy in Figure 16.9. [SEP] sunlight or the light in tanning beds
This is important because skin that has been damaged by ultraviolet light is at greater risk of developing skin cancer. This is true whether the damage is due to sunlight or the light in tanning beds. About 85 percent of teens develop acne, like the boy in Figure 16.9. [SEP] the damage
Keeping the skin clean helps prevent acne. Over-the-counter products or prescription drugs may be needed if the problem is serious or doesnt clear up on its own.  [SEP] the problem is serious or doesnt clear up on its own .
Keeping the skin clean helps prevent acne. Over-the-counter products or prescription drugs may be needed if the problem is serious or doesnt clear up on its own.  [SEP] Over-the-counter products or prescription drugs may be needed
Blood vessels in the skin constrict, or narrow, decreasing blood flow to the body surface. This reduces the amount of heat that reaches the surface so less heat is lost to the environment.  [SEP] This reduces the amount of heat that reaches the surface
Blood vessels in the skin constrict, or narrow, decreasing blood flow to the body surface. This reduces the amount of heat that reaches the surface so less heat is lost to the environment.  [SEP] less heat is lost to the
 What you eat as a teen can affect how healthy your skeletal system is not only now but also in the future. Eating a diet with plenty of calcium and vitamin D can help keep your bones strong. [SEP] a teen can affect how healthy your skeletal system is not only now but also in the future .
 What you eat as a teen can affect how healthy your skeletal system is not only now but also in the future. Eating a diet with plenty of calcium and vitamin D can help keep your bones strong. [SEP] you eat
What you eat as a teen can affect how healthy your skeletal system is not only now but also in the future. Eating a diet with plenty of calcium and vitamin D can help keep your bones strong. If you dont get enough calcium and vitamin D in your diet as a teen, you will be more likely to develop osteoporosis when you are older. [SEP] Eating a diet with plenty of calcium
What you eat as a teen can affect how healthy your skeletal system is not only now but also in the future. Eating a diet with plenty of calcium and vitamin D can help keep your bones strong. If you dont get enough calcium and vitamin D in your diet as a teen, you will be more likely to develop osteoporosis when you are older. [SEP] and vitamin D can help keep your bones strong .
Eating a diet with plenty of calcium and vitamin D can help keep your bones strong. If you dont get enough calcium and vitamin D in your diet as a teen, you will be more likely to develop osteoporosis when you are older.  [SEP] a teen , you will be more likely to develop osteoporosis when you are older .
Eating a diet with plenty of calcium and vitamin D can help keep your bones strong. If you dont get enough calcium and vitamin D in your diet as a teen, you will be more likely to develop osteoporosis when you are older.  [SEP] you dont get enough calcium and vitamin D in your diet
 Osteoporosis is a disease in which the bones become porous and weak because they do not contain enough calcium. The graph in Figure 16.14 shows how the mass of calcium in bone peaks around age 30 and declines after that, especially in women. [SEP] they do not contain enough calcium .
 Osteoporosis is a disease in which the bones become porous and weak because they do not contain enough calcium. The graph in Figure 16.14 shows how the mass of calcium in bone peaks around age 30 and declines after that, especially in women. [SEP] Osteoporosis is a disease in which the bones become porous and weak
A bone fracture is a crack or break in bone. Even if you have healthy bones, you may fracture a bone if too much stress is placed on it. This could happen in a car crash or while playing a sport. [SEP] you have healthy bones
A bone fracture is a crack or break in bone. Even if you have healthy bones, you may fracture a bone if too much stress is placed on it. This could happen in a car crash or while playing a sport. [SEP] you may fracture a bone if too much stress is placed on it .
A bone fracture is a crack or break in bone. Even if you have healthy bones, you may fracture a bone if too much stress is placed on it. This could happen in a car crash or while playing a sport. [SEP] too much stress is placed on it .
A bone fracture is a crack or break in bone. Even if you have healthy bones, you may fracture a bone if too much stress is placed on it. This could happen in a car crash or while playing a sport. [SEP] you may fracture a bone
This could happen in a car crash or while playing a sport. Wearing a seatbelt when you ride in a motor vehicle and wearing safety gear when you play sports may help prevent bone fractures. Bone fractures heal naturally as new bone tissue forms at the site of the fracture. [SEP] Wearing a seatbelt when you ride in a motor vehicle and wearing safety
This could happen in a car crash or while playing a sport. Wearing a seatbelt when you ride in a motor vehicle and wearing safety gear when you play sports may help prevent bone fractures. Bone fractures heal naturally as new bone tissue forms at the site of the fracture. [SEP] gear when you play sports may help prevent bone fractures .
A joint is a place where two or more bones of the skeleton meet. There are three different types of joints based on the degree to which they allow movement of the bones: immovable, partly movable, and movable joints. Immovable joints do not allow the bones to move at all. [SEP] the degree to which they allow movement of the bones : immovable , partly movable , and movable joints
A joint is a place where two or more bones of the skeleton meet. There are three different types of joints based on the degree to which they allow movement of the bones: immovable, partly movable, and movable joints. Immovable joints do not allow the bones to move at all. [SEP] There are three different types of joints
Thats certainly true when it comes to muscles. If you dont exercise your muscles, they will actually shrink in size. They will also become weaker and more prone to injury. [SEP] you dont exercise your muscles
Thats certainly true when it comes to muscles. If you dont exercise your muscles, they will actually shrink in size. They will also become weaker and more prone to injury. [SEP] they will actually shrink in size .
They cant actively lengthen. Therefore, to move bones back and forth at a joint, skeletal muscles must work in pairs. For example, the bicep and triceps muscles of the upper arm work as a pair. [SEP] They cant actively lengthen
They cant actively lengthen. Therefore, to move bones back and forth at a joint, skeletal muscles must work in pairs. For example, the bicep and triceps muscles of the upper arm work as a pair. [SEP] to move bones back and forth at a joint , skeletal muscles must work in pairs .
 You are less likely to have a muscle injury if you exercise regularly and have strong muscles. Stretching also helps prevent muscle injuries. [SEP] you exercise regularly and have strong muscles .
 You are less likely to have a muscle injury if you exercise regularly and have strong muscles. Stretching also helps prevent muscle injuries. [SEP] You are less likely to have a muscle injury
Aerobic exercise increases the size and strength of muscles in the heart and helps all your muscles develop greater endurance. This means they can work longer without getting tired. Aerobic exercise is any exercise such as running, biking, or swimming that causes an increase in your heart rate. [SEP] Aerobic exercise increases the size and strength of muscles in the heart and helps all your muscles develop greater endurance
Aerobic exercise increases the size and strength of muscles in the heart and helps all your muscles develop greater endurance. This means they can work longer without getting tired. Aerobic exercise is any exercise such as running, biking, or swimming that causes an increase in your heart rate. [SEP] they
Cardiac muscle is found only in the walls of the heart. It is striated, or striped, because its muscle fibers are arranged in bundles. Contractions of cardiac muscle are involuntary. [SEP] its muscle fibers are arranged in bundles .
Cardiac muscle is found only in the walls of the heart. It is striated, or striped, because its muscle fibers are arranged in bundles. Contractions of cardiac muscle are involuntary. [SEP] It is striated , or striped
Smooth muscle is found in the walls of other internal organs such as the stomach. It isnt striated because its muscle fibers are arranged in sheets rather than bundles. Contractions of smooth muscle are involuntary. [SEP] its muscle fibers are arranged in sheets rather than bundles .
Smooth muscle is found in the walls of other internal organs such as the stomach. It isnt striated because its muscle fibers are arranged in sheets rather than bundles. Contractions of smooth muscle are involuntary. [SEP] It isnt striated
Skeletal muscle is attached to the bones of the skeleton. It is striated like cardiac muscle because its muscle fibers are arranged in bundles. Contractions of skeletal muscle are voluntary. [SEP] its muscle fibers are arranged in bundles .
Skeletal muscle is attached to the bones of the skeleton. It is striated like cardiac muscle because its muscle fibers are arranged in bundles. Contractions of skeletal muscle are voluntary. [SEP] It is striated like cardiac muscle
Muscles are composed primarily of cells called muscle fibers. A muscle fiber is a very long, thin cell, as you can see in Figure 16.16. It contains multiple nuclei and many mitochondria, which produce ATP for energy. [SEP] you can see in Figure 16.16 .
Muscles are composed primarily of cells called muscle fibers. A muscle fiber is a very long, thin cell, as you can see in Figure 16.16. It contains multiple nuclei and many mitochondria, which produce ATP for energy. [SEP] A muscle fiber is a very long , thin cell
They make up muscles, control body processes, fight infections, and carry substances in the blood. If you eat more protein than you need for these functions, the extra protein is used for energy. One gram of protein provides 4 Calories of energy, the same as carbohydrates. [SEP] you eat more protein than you need for these functions
They make up muscles, control body processes, fight infections, and carry substances in the blood. If you eat more protein than you need for these functions, the extra protein is used for energy. One gram of protein provides 4 Calories of energy, the same as carbohydrates. [SEP] the extra protein is used for energy .
It helps keep sugar and lipids at normal levels in the blood. It also helps keep food waste moist so it can pass easily out of the body.  [SEP] It also helps keep food waste moist
It helps keep sugar and lipids at normal levels in the blood. It also helps keep food waste moist so it can pass easily out of the body.  [SEP] it can pass easily out of the body .
 Water is essential to life because chemical reactions within cells take place in water. Most people can survive only a few days without consuming water to replace their water losses. [SEP] chemical reactions within cells take place in water .
 Water is essential to life because chemical reactions within cells take place in water. Most people can survive only a few days without consuming water to replace their water losses. [SEP] Water is essential to life
You lose water in urine. You lose water in sweat, especially if you are active in warm weather. The boy in Figure 17.5 is taking a water break while playing outside on a hot day. [SEP] you are active in warm weather .
You lose water in urine. You lose water in sweat, especially if you are active in warm weather. The boy in Figure 17.5 is taking a water break while playing outside on a hot day. [SEP] You lose water in sweat , especially
The boy in Figure 17.5 is taking a water break while playing outside on a hot day. If he doesnt take in enough water to replace the water lost in sweat, he may become dehydrated. Symptoms of dehydration include dry mouth, headache, and dizziness. [SEP] he doesnt take in enough water to replace the water lost in sweat
The boy in Figure 17.5 is taking a water break while playing outside on a hot day. If he doesnt take in enough water to replace the water lost in sweat, he may become dehydrated. Symptoms of dehydration include dry mouth, headache, and dizziness. [SEP] he may become dehydrated .
Several minerals that are needed in relatively large amounts are listed in Table 17.1. As you can see from these examples, minerals have a diversity of important functions. Your body cant produce any of the minerals it needs, so you must get them from the food you eat. [SEP] you can see from these examples , minerals have a diversity of important functions .
Several minerals that are needed in relatively large amounts are listed in Table 17.1. As you can see from these examples, minerals have a diversity of important functions. Your body cant produce any of the minerals it needs, so you must get them from the food you eat. [SEP] Several minerals that are needed in relatively large amounts are listed in Table 17.1 .
As you can see from these examples, minerals have a diversity of important functions. Your body cant produce any of the minerals it needs, so you must get them from the food you eat. The table shows good food sources of the minerals. [SEP] Your body cant produce any of the minerals it needs
As you can see from these examples, minerals have a diversity of important functions. Your body cant produce any of the minerals it needs, so you must get them from the food you eat. The table shows good food sources of the minerals. [SEP] you must get them from the food you eat .
For example, not getting enough calcium may cause osteoporosis. This is a disease in which the bones become porous so they break easily. Getting too much of some minerals can also cause health problems. [SEP] This is a disease in which the bones become porous
For example, not getting enough calcium may cause osteoporosis. This is a disease in which the bones become porous so they break easily. Getting too much of some minerals can also cause health problems. [SEP] they break easily .
Sodium is added to most packaged foods. People often add more sodium to their food by using table salt. Too much sodium has been linked to high blood pressure in some people. [SEP] using table salt
Sodium is added to most packaged foods. People often add more sodium to their food by using table salt. Too much sodium has been linked to high blood pressure in some people. [SEP] People often add more sodium to their food
The vitamins to watch out for are A, D, E, and K. These vitamins are stored by the body, so they can build up to high levels.  [SEP] These vitamins are stored by the body
The vitamins to watch out for are A, D, E, and K. These vitamins are stored by the body, so they can build up to high levels.  [SEP] they can build up to high levels .
Cook meats, poultry, fish, or eggs thoroughly before eating them. The heat of cooking kills any bacteria the foods may contain so they cant make you sick. Keep hot foods hot and cold foods cold. [SEP] The heat of cooking kills any bacteria the foods may contain
Cook meats, poultry, fish, or eggs thoroughly before eating them. The heat of cooking kills any bacteria the foods may contain so they cant make you sick. Keep hot foods hot and cold foods cold. [SEP] they cant make you sick .
Some of the foods most likely to cause allergies include milk, shellfish, nuts, grains, and eggs. If you eat foods to which you are allergic, you may experience vomiting, diarrhea, or a rash. In some people, eating even tiny amounts of certain foods causes them to have serious symptoms, such as difficulty breathing. [SEP] you eat foods to which you are allergic
Some of the foods most likely to cause allergies include milk, shellfish, nuts, grains, and eggs. If you eat foods to which you are allergic, you may experience vomiting, diarrhea, or a rash. In some people, eating even tiny amounts of certain foods causes them to have serious symptoms, such as difficulty breathing. [SEP] you may experience vomiting , diarrhea , or a rash .
The best way to prevent food allergy symptoms is to avoid eating the offending food. This may require careful reading of food labels.  [SEP] careful reading of food labels
The best way to prevent food allergy symptoms is to avoid eating the offending food. This may require careful reading of food labels.  [SEP] The best way to prevent food allergy symptoms is to avoid eating the offending food
It has no other purpose. Food moves through the esophagus because of peristalsis. At the lower end of the esophagus, a circular muscle, called a sphincter, controls the opening to the stomach. [SEP] Food moves through the esophagus
It has no other purpose. Food moves through the esophagus because of peristalsis. At the lower end of the esophagus, a circular muscle, called a sphincter, controls the opening to the stomach. [SEP] . At the lower end of the esophagus , a circular muscle , called a sphincter , controls the opening to the stomach
Food waste enters the large intestine from the small intestine in a liquid state. As the waste moves through the large intestine, excess water is absorbed from it. The remaining solid waste is called feces. [SEP] the waste moves through the large intestine , excess water is absorbed from it .
Food waste enters the large intestine from the small intestine in a liquid state. As the waste moves through the large intestine, excess water is absorbed from it. The remaining solid waste is called feces. [SEP] Food waste enters the large intestine from the small intestine in a liquid state .
Oxygen-rich blood flows from the heart to cells throughout the body. As it passes cells, the blood releases oxygen and absorbs carbon dioxide. Then the oxygen-poor blood returns to the heart. [SEP] it passes cells , the blood releases oxygen and absorbs carbon dioxide .
Oxygen-rich blood flows from the heart to cells throughout the body. As it passes cells, the blood releases oxygen and absorbs carbon dioxide. Then the oxygen-poor blood returns to the heart. [SEP] Oxygen-rich blood flows from the heart to cells throughout the body .
You can see a simple model of each circulation loop in Figure 18.2. As blood circulates through the body, it travels first through one loop and then the other loop, over and over again. [SEP] blood circulates through the body , it travels first through one loop
You can see a simple model of each circulation loop in Figure 18.2. As blood circulates through the body, it travels first through one loop and then the other loop, over and over again. [SEP] You can see a simple model of each circulation loop in Figure 18.2 .
Transport of all these materials is necessary to maintain homeostasis of the body and life itself. The cardiovascular system also helps regulate body temperature by controlling where blood moves around the body. Blood is warm, so when more blood flows to the surface of the body, it warms the surface. [SEP] controlling where blood moves around the body
Transport of all these materials is necessary to maintain homeostasis of the body and life itself. The cardiovascular system also helps regulate body temperature by controlling where blood moves around the body. Blood is warm, so when more blood flows to the surface of the body, it warms the surface. [SEP] The cardiovascular system also helps regulate body temperature
The cardiovascular system also helps regulate body temperature by controlling where blood moves around the body. Blood is warm, so when more blood flows to the surface of the body, it warms the surface. This allows the body to lose excess heat from the surface. [SEP] Blood is warm
The cardiovascular system also helps regulate body temperature by controlling where blood moves around the body. Blood is warm, so when more blood flows to the surface of the body, it warms the surface. This allows the body to lose excess heat from the surface. [SEP] when more blood flows to the surface of the body , it warms the surface .
Veins are blood vessels that carry blood toward the heart. This blood is no longer under pressure, so veins have thinner walls. To keep the blood moving, many veins have valves that prevent the backflow of blood. [SEP] This blood is no longer under pressure
Veins are blood vessels that carry blood toward the heart. This blood is no longer under pressure, so veins have thinner walls. To keep the blood moving, many veins have valves that prevent the backflow of blood. [SEP] veins have thinner walls .
For example, a valve at the bottom of the right atrium opens to let blood flow from the right atrium to the right ventricle. Then the valve closes so the blood cant flow back into the right atrium.  [SEP] Then the valve closes
For example, a valve at the bottom of the right atrium opens to let blood flow from the right atrium to the right ventricle. Then the valve closes so the blood cant flow back into the right atrium.  [SEP] the blood cant flow back into the right atrium .
They are controlled by a cluster of special cells within the heart, commonly called the pacemaker. These cells send electrical signals to cardiac muscles so they contract in the correct sequence and with just the right timing.  [SEP] These cells send electrical signals to cardiac muscles
They are controlled by a cluster of special cells within the heart, commonly called the pacemaker. These cells send electrical signals to cardiac muscles so they contract in the correct sequence and with just the right timing.  [SEP] they contract in the correct sequence and with just the right timing .
Plaque consists of cell debris, cholesterol, and other substances. As plaque builds up in an artery, the artery narrows, as shown in Figure If plaque blocks coronary arteries that supply blood to the heart, coronary heart disease results. [SEP] plaque builds up in an artery , the artery narrows , as shown in Figure
Plaque consists of cell debris, cholesterol, and other substances. As plaque builds up in an artery, the artery narrows, as shown in Figure If plaque blocks coronary arteries that supply blood to the heart, coronary heart disease results. [SEP] Plaque consists of cell debris , cholesterol , and other substances .
As plaque builds up in an artery, the artery narrows, as shown in Figure If plaque blocks coronary arteries that supply blood to the heart, coronary heart disease results. Poor blood flow to the heart may cause chest pain or a heart attack. [SEP] plaque blocks coronary
As plaque builds up in an artery, the artery narrows, as shown in Figure If plaque blocks coronary arteries that supply blood to the heart, coronary heart disease results. Poor blood flow to the heart may cause chest pain or a heart attack. [SEP] coronary heart disease results .
Poor blood flow to the heart may cause chest pain or a heart attack. A heart attack occurs when the blood supply to part of the heart muscle is completely blocked so that cardiac muscle cells die. Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death in U.S adults. [SEP] A heart attack occurs when the blood supply to part of the heart muscle is completely blocked
Poor blood flow to the heart may cause chest pain or a heart attack. A heart attack occurs when the blood supply to part of the heart muscle is completely blocked so that cardiac muscle cells die. Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death in U.S adults. [SEP] cardiac muscle cells die .
Anemia is a disease that occurs when there is not enough hemoglobin (or iron) in the blood so it cant carry adequate oxygen to the cells. There are many possible causes of anemia. [SEP] Anemia is a disease that occurs when there is not enough hemoglobin -LRB- or iron -RRB- in the blood
Anemia is a disease that occurs when there is not enough hemoglobin (or iron) in the blood so it cant carry adequate oxygen to the cells. There are many possible causes of anemia. [SEP] it cant carry adequate oxygen to the cells .
There are many possible causes of anemia. One possible cause is excessive blood loss due to an injury or surgery. Not getting enough iron in the diet is another possible cause. [SEP] an injury or surgery
There are many possible causes of anemia. One possible cause is excessive blood loss due to an injury or surgery. Not getting enough iron in the diet is another possible cause. [SEP] One possible cause is excessive blood loss
This blood type depends on a single common antigen, typically referred to as the Rhesus (Rh) antigen. If your red blood cells carry the Rhesus antigen, you have Rhesus-positive blood, or blood type Rh+. If your red blood cells lack the Rhesus antigen, you have Rhesus-negative blood, or blood type Rh-. [SEP] your red blood cells carry the Rhesus antigen
This blood type depends on a single common antigen, typically referred to as the Rhesus (Rh) antigen. If your red blood cells carry the Rhesus antigen, you have Rhesus-positive blood, or blood type Rh+. If your red blood cells lack the Rhesus antigen, you have Rhesus-negative blood, or blood type Rh-. [SEP] you have Rhesus-positive blood , or blood type Rh + .
If your red blood cells carry the Rhesus antigen, you have Rhesus-positive blood, or blood type Rh+. If your red blood cells lack the Rhesus antigen, you have Rhesus-negative blood, or blood type Rh-.  [SEP] your red blood cells lack the Rhesus antigen
If your red blood cells carry the Rhesus antigen, you have Rhesus-positive blood, or blood type Rh+. If your red blood cells lack the Rhesus antigen, you have Rhesus-negative blood, or blood type Rh-.  [SEP] you have Rhesus-negative blood , or blood type Rh - .
It also explains how hemoglobin carries oxygen. The iron in hemoglobin binds with oxygen molecules so they can be carried by red blood cells. 2. [SEP] The iron in hemoglobin binds with oxygen molecules
It also explains how hemoglobin carries oxygen. The iron in hemoglobin binds with oxygen molecules so they can be carried by red blood cells. 2. [SEP] they can be carried by red blood cells .
Platelets stick to tears in blood vessels and to each other, helping to form a clot at the site of injury. Platelets also release chemicals that are needed for clotting to occur.  [SEP] clotting to occur
Platelets stick to tears in blood vessels and to each other, helping to form a clot at the site of injury. Platelets also release chemicals that are needed for clotting to occur.  [SEP] Platelets also release chemicals that are needed
ABO blood type is determined by two common antigens, often called antigen A and antigen B. If your red blood cells carry only antigen A, you have blood type A. If your red blood cells carry only antigen B, you have blood type B. [SEP] your red blood cells carry only antigen A
ABO blood type is determined by two common antigens, often called antigen A and antigen B. If your red blood cells carry only antigen A, you have blood type A. If your red blood cells carry only antigen B, you have blood type B. [SEP] you have blood type A.
If your red blood cells carry only antigen A, you have blood type A. If your red blood cells carry only antigen B, you have blood type B. If your red blood cells carry both antigen A and antigen B, you have blood type AB. [SEP] your red blood cells carry only antigen B
If your red blood cells carry only antigen A, you have blood type A. If your red blood cells carry only antigen B, you have blood type B. If your red blood cells carry both antigen A and antigen B, you have blood type AB. [SEP] you have blood type B.
If your red blood cells carry only antigen B, you have blood type B. If your red blood cells carry both antigen A and antigen B, you have blood type AB. If your red blood cells carry neither antigen A nor antigen B, you have blood type O. [SEP] your red blood cells carry both antigen A and antigen B
If your red blood cells carry only antigen B, you have blood type B. If your red blood cells carry both antigen A and antigen B, you have blood type AB. If your red blood cells carry neither antigen A nor antigen B, you have blood type O. [SEP] you have blood type AB .
If your red blood cells carry both antigen A and antigen B, you have blood type AB. If your red blood cells carry neither antigen A nor antigen B, you have blood type O.  [SEP] your red blood cells carry neither antigen A nor antigen B
If your red blood cells carry both antigen A and antigen B, you have blood type AB. If your red blood cells carry neither antigen A nor antigen B, you have blood type O.  [SEP] you have blood type O.
Why does your blood type matter? Blood type is important for medical reasons. A patient cant safely receive a transfusion of blood containing antigens not found in the patients own blood. [SEP] medical
Why does your blood type matter? Blood type is important for medical reasons. A patient cant safely receive a transfusion of blood containing antigens not found in the patients own blood. [SEP] Blood type is important
Both are described below. You can also learn more about them by watching this video:  [SEP] watching this video
Both are described below. You can also learn more about them by watching this video:  [SEP] You can also learn more about them
 Hemophilia is a genetic disorder in which blood fails to clot properly because a normal clotting factor in the blood is lacking. In people with hemophilia, even a minor injury can cause a life-threatening loss of blood. [SEP] a normal clotting factor in the blood is lacking .
 Hemophilia is a genetic disorder in which blood fails to clot properly because a normal clotting factor in the blood is lacking. In people with hemophilia, even a minor injury can cause a life-threatening loss of blood. [SEP] Hemophilia is a genetic disorder in which blood fails to clot properly
Most cases of hemophilia are caused by a recessive gene on the X chromosome. The disorder is expressed much more commonly in males because they have just one X chromosome.  [SEP] they have just one X chromosome .
Most cases of hemophilia are caused by a recessive gene on the X chromosome. The disorder is expressed much more commonly in males because they have just one X chromosome.  [SEP] The disorder is expressed much more commonly in males
Sickle-Cell Disease is another genetic disorder of the blood. It is more common in people with African origins because it helps protect against malaria. Sickle-cell disease occurs in people who inherit two copies of the recessive mutant gene for hemoglobin. [SEP] it helps protect against malaria .
Sickle-Cell Disease is another genetic disorder of the blood. It is more common in people with African origins because it helps protect against malaria. Sickle-cell disease occurs in people who inherit two copies of the recessive mutant gene for hemoglobin. [SEP] It is more common in people with African origins
Blood is a liquid connective tissue. It circulates throughout the body via blood vessels due to the pumping action of the heart. You couldnt survive without the approximately 4.5 to 5 liters of blood that are constantly being pumped through your blood vessels. [SEP] the pumping action of the heart
Blood is a liquid connective tissue. It circulates throughout the body via blood vessels due to the pumping action of the heart. You couldnt survive without the approximately 4.5 to 5 liters of blood that are constantly being pumped through your blood vessels. [SEP] It circulates throughout the body via blood vessels
Eat well, get enough sleep, and be active every day. These healthy lifestyle choices will help keep your immune system healthy so it can fight off respiratory infections and other diseases. Wash your hands often. [SEP] These healthy lifestyle choices will help keep your immune system healthy
Eat well, get enough sleep, and be active every day. These healthy lifestyle choices will help keep your immune system healthy so it can fight off respiratory infections and other diseases. Wash your hands often. [SEP] it can fight off respiratory infections and other diseases .
An asthma attack may be triggered by allergies, strenuous exercise, stress, or another respiratory illness such as a cold. Pneumonia is a disease in which some of the alveoli of the lungs fill with fluid so they can no longer exchange gas. Symptoms of pneumonia typically include coughing, chest pain, difficulty breathing, and fatigue. [SEP] Pneumonia is a disease in which some of the alveoli of the lungs fill with fluid
An asthma attack may be triggered by allergies, strenuous exercise, stress, or another respiratory illness such as a cold. Pneumonia is a disease in which some of the alveoli of the lungs fill with fluid so they can no longer exchange gas. Symptoms of pneumonia typically include coughing, chest pain, difficulty breathing, and fatigue. [SEP] they can no longer exchange gas .
Pneumonia may be caused by an infection or an injury to the lungs. Emphysema is a disease in which the walls of the alveoli break down so less gas can be exchanged by the lungs. The main symptom of emphysema is shortness of breath. [SEP] Emphysema is a disease in which the walls of the alveoli break down
Pneumonia may be caused by an infection or an injury to the lungs. Emphysema is a disease in which the walls of the alveoli break down so less gas can be exchanged by the lungs. The main symptom of emphysema is shortness of breath. [SEP] less gas can be exchanged by the lungs .
The cells of the body have a lower concentration of oxygen that does blood in the capillaries that supply body cells. Therefore, oxygen diffuses from the blood into the cells. Carbon dioxide, which cells produce in cellular respiration, is more concentrated in the cells. [SEP] The cells of the body have a lower concentration of oxygen that does blood in the capillaries that supply body cells
The cells of the body have a lower concentration of oxygen that does blood in the capillaries that supply body cells. Therefore, oxygen diffuses from the blood into the cells. Carbon dioxide, which cells produce in cellular respiration, is more concentrated in the cells. [SEP] oxygen diffuses from the blood into the cells .
Carbon dioxide, which cells produce in cellular respiration, is more concentrated in the cells. Therefore, carbon dioxide diffuses out of the cells and into the blood. The carbon dioxide travels in capillaries to veins and then to the heart. [SEP] Carbon dioxide , which cells produce in cellular respiration , is more concentrated in the cells
Carbon dioxide, which cells produce in cellular respiration, is more concentrated in the cells. Therefore, carbon dioxide diffuses out of the cells and into the blood. The carbon dioxide travels in capillaries to veins and then to the heart. [SEP] carbon dioxide diffuses out of the cells and into the blood .
Unlike oxygen, carbon dioxide is more concentrated in the blood in the capillaries surrounding the alveoli than it is in the air inside the alveoli. Therefore, carbon dioxide diffuses in the opposite direction. It moves out of the blood and into the air. [SEP] Unlike oxygen , carbon dioxide is more concentrated in the blood in the capillaries surrounding the alveoli than it is in the air inside the alveoli
Unlike oxygen, carbon dioxide is more concentrated in the blood in the capillaries surrounding the alveoli than it is in the air inside the alveoli. Therefore, carbon dioxide diffuses in the opposite direction. It moves out of the blood and into the air. [SEP] carbon dioxide diffuses in the opposite direction .
In the nose, mucus and hairs trap any dust or other particles in the air. The air is also warmed and moistened so it wont harm delicate tissues of the lungs. Next, air passes through the pharynx, a passageway that is shared with the digestive system. [SEP] The air is also warmed and moistened
In the nose, mucus and hairs trap any dust or other particles in the air. The air is also warmed and moistened so it wont harm delicate tissues of the lungs. Next, air passes through the pharynx, a passageway that is shared with the digestive system. [SEP] it wont harm delicate tissues of the lungs .
This is a long tube that leads down to the lungs in the chest. In the chest, the trachea divides as it enters the lungs to form the right and left bronchi (bronchus, singular). These passages are covered with mucus and tiny hairs called cilia. [SEP] it enters the lungs to form the right and left bronchi -LRB- bronchus , singular -RRB- .
This is a long tube that leads down to the lungs in the chest. In the chest, the trachea divides as it enters the lungs to form the right and left bronchi (bronchus, singular). These passages are covered with mucus and tiny hairs called cilia. [SEP] In the chest , the trachea divides
The mucus traps any remaining particles in the air. The cilia move and sweep the particles and mucus toward the throat so they can be expelled from the body. Air passes from the bronchi into smaller passages called bronchioles. [SEP] The cilia move and sweep the particles and mucus toward the throat
The mucus traps any remaining particles in the air. The cilia move and sweep the particles and mucus toward the throat so they can be expelled from the body. Air passes from the bronchi into smaller passages called bronchioles. [SEP] they can be expelled from the body .
They filter all the blood in the body many times each day and produce urine. They control the amount of water and dissolved substances in the blood by excreting more or less of them in urine. The kidneys also secrete hormones that help maintain homeostasis. [SEP] excreting more or less of them in urine
They filter all the blood in the body many times each day and produce urine. They control the amount of water and dissolved substances in the blood by excreting more or less of them in urine. The kidneys also secrete hormones that help maintain homeostasis. [SEP] They control the amount of water and dissolved substances in the blood
The stones may be extremely painful. If a kidney stone blocks a ureter, it must be removed so urine can leave the kidney and be excreted. Bacterial infections of urinary organs, especially the urinary bladder, are common. [SEP] If a kidney stone blocks a ureter , it must be removed
The stones may be extremely painful. If a kidney stone blocks a ureter, it must be removed so urine can leave the kidney and be excreted. Bacterial infections of urinary organs, especially the urinary bladder, are common. [SEP] urine can leave the kidney and be excreted .
The stones may be extremely painful. If a kidney stone blocks a ureter, it must be removed so urine can leave the kidney and be excreted. Bacterial infections of urinary organs, especially the urinary bladder, are common. [SEP] a kidney stone blocks
The stones may be extremely painful. If a kidney stone blocks a ureter, it must be removed so urine can leave the kidney and be excreted. Bacterial infections of urinary organs, especially the urinary bladder, are common. [SEP] it must be removed
Generally, they can be cured with antibiotic drugs. However, if they arent treated, they can lead to more serious infections and damage to the kidneys. Untreated diabetes may damage capillaries in the kidneys so the nephrons can no longer filter blood. [SEP] they
Generally, they can be cured with antibiotic drugs. However, if they arent treated, they can lead to more serious infections and damage to the kidneys. Untreated diabetes may damage capillaries in the kidneys so the nephrons can no longer filter blood. [SEP] more serious infections and damage to the kidneys
However, if they arent treated, they can lead to more serious infections and damage to the kidneys. Untreated diabetes may damage capillaries in the kidneys so the nephrons can no longer filter blood. This is called kidney failure. [SEP] Untreated diabetes may damage capillaries in the kidneys
However, if they arent treated, they can lead to more serious infections and damage to the kidneys. Untreated diabetes may damage capillaries in the kidneys so the nephrons can no longer filter blood. This is called kidney failure. [SEP] the nephrons can no longer filter blood .
Given their diversity of functions, its not surprising that there are millions of different biochemical compounds. Even so, all biochemical compounds can be grouped into just four main classes: carbohydrates, proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. The classes are summarized in Table 2.1. [SEP] their diversity of functions , its not surprising that there are millions of different biochemical compounds . Even
Given their diversity of functions, its not surprising that there are millions of different biochemical compounds. Even so, all biochemical compounds can be grouped into just four main classes: carbohydrates, proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. The classes are summarized in Table 2.1. [SEP] all biochemical compounds can be grouped into just four main classes : carbohydrates , proteins , lipids , and nucleic acids .
Plants make starches to store extra glucose. Consumers can get starches by eating plants. Common sources of starches in the human diet are pictured in the Figure 2.8. [SEP] eating plants
Plants make starches to store extra glucose. Consumers can get starches by eating plants. Common sources of starches in the human diet are pictured in the Figure 2.8. [SEP] Consumers can get starches
Our digestive system breaks down starches to sugar, which our cells use for energy. Like other animals, we store any extra glucose as the complex carbohydrate called glycogen. Glycogen is also a polymer of glucose. [SEP] the complex carbohydrate called glycogen .
Our digestive system breaks down starches to sugar, which our cells use for energy. Like other animals, we store any extra glucose as the complex carbohydrate called glycogen. Glycogen is also a polymer of glucose. [SEP] Like other animals , we store any extra glucose
Determining the structure of DNA was a huge scientific breakthrough. You can read the interesting story of its discovery and why it was so important at this link: DNA stores genetic information in the cells of all living things. It contains the genetic code. [SEP] You can read the interesting story of its discovery and why it was
Determining the structure of DNA was a huge scientific breakthrough. You can read the interesting story of its discovery and why it was so important at this link: DNA stores genetic information in the cells of all living things. It contains the genetic code. [SEP] important at this link : DNA stores genetic information in the cells of all living
RNA copies and interprets the genetic code in DNA. RNA is also involved in the synthesis of proteins based on the code. You can watch these events unfolding at this link: [SEP] the code
RNA copies and interprets the genetic code in DNA. RNA is also involved in the synthesis of proteins based on the code. You can watch these events unfolding at this link: [SEP] RNA is also involved in the synthesis of proteins
Thats an amazing number of biochemical reactionsfar more than the number of chemical reactions that might take place in a science lab or chemical plant. So many biochemical reactions can take place simultaneously in our cells because biochemical reactions occur very quickly. Thats because of enzymes. [SEP] Thats an amazing number of biochemical reactionsfar more than the number of chemical reactions that might take place in a science lab or chemical plant
Thats an amazing number of biochemical reactionsfar more than the number of chemical reactions that might take place in a science lab or chemical plant. So many biochemical reactions can take place simultaneously in our cells because biochemical reactions occur very quickly. Thats because of enzymes. [SEP] many biochemical reactions can take place simultaneously in our cells because biochemical reactions occur very quickly .
Enzymes are proteins that increase the rate of biochemical reactions. Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Enzymes are highly specific for certain chemical reactions, so they are very effective. [SEP] Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions
Enzymes are proteins that increase the rate of biochemical reactions. Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Enzymes are highly specific for certain chemical reactions, so they are very effective. [SEP] they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again .
Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Enzymes are highly specific for certain chemical reactions, so they are very effective. A reaction that would take years to occur without its enzyme might occur in a split second with the enzyme. [SEP] Enzymes are highly specific for certain chemical reactions
Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Enzymes are highly specific for certain chemical reactions, so they are very effective. A reaction that would take years to occur without its enzyme might occur in a split second with the enzyme. [SEP] they are very effective .
Smaller molecules combine to form larger ones. These reactions require energy. For example, it takes energy to build starches from sugars. [SEP] energy
Smaller molecules combine to form larger ones. These reactions require energy. For example, it takes energy to build starches from sugars. [SEP] Smaller molecules combine to form larger ones
Table 2.1 lists the major elements in the human body. As you can see, you consist mainly of the elements oxygen, carbon, and hydrogen. Element Oxygen Carbon Hydrogen Nitrogen Calcium Phosphorus Potassium Sulfur Percent of Body Mass [SEP] you can see , you consist mainly of the elements oxygen , carbon , and hydrogen .
Table 2.1 lists the major elements in the human body. As you can see, you consist mainly of the elements oxygen, carbon, and hydrogen. Element Oxygen Carbon Hydrogen Nitrogen Calcium Phosphorus Potassium Sulfur Percent of Body Mass [SEP] Table 2.1 lists the major elements in the human body .
The brain sends commands to these tissues, telling them how to respond. As you can see in Figure 20.7, the motor division is divided into additional parts. The autonomic part of the motor division controls involuntary responses. [SEP] you can see in Figure 20.7 , the motor division is divided into additional parts .
The brain sends commands to these tissues, telling them how to respond. As you can see in Figure 20.7, the motor division is divided into additional parts. The autonomic part of the motor division controls involuntary responses. [SEP] The brain sends commands to these tissues , telling them how to respond .
For example, it carries messages about images from the eyes to the brain. Once the messages reach the brain, the brain interprets the information.  [SEP] the messages reach the brain
For example, it carries messages about images from the eyes to the brain. Once the messages reach the brain, the brain interprets the information.  [SEP] the brain interprets the information .
All the other nervous tissues in the body are part of the peripheral nervous system. If you look again at Figure 20.1, you can see the major nerves of the peripheral nervous system. They include nerves that run through virtually every part of the body, both inside and out, except for the brain and spinal cord. [SEP] you look again at Figure 20.1
All the other nervous tissues in the body are part of the peripheral nervous system. If you look again at Figure 20.1, you can see the major nerves of the peripheral nervous system. They include nerves that run through virtually every part of the body, both inside and out, except for the brain and spinal cord. [SEP] you can see the major nerves of the peripheral nervous system .
Did you know that the right hemisphere of the cerebrum controls the left side of the body, and vice versa? This can happen because of the connections between the two hemispheres. Each hemisphere is further divided into four parts, called lobes, as you can see in Figure 20.6. [SEP] This can happen
Did you know that the right hemisphere of the cerebrum controls the left side of the body, and vice versa? This can happen because of the connections between the two hemispheres. Each hemisphere is further divided into four parts, called lobes, as you can see in Figure 20.6. [SEP] . Each hemisphere is further divided into four parts , called lobes , as you can see in Figure 20.6
This can happen because of the connections between the two hemispheres. Each hemisphere is further divided into four parts, called lobes, as you can see in Figure 20.6. Each lobe has different functions. [SEP] you can see in Figure 20.6 .
This can happen because of the connections between the two hemispheres. Each hemisphere is further divided into four parts, called lobes, as you can see in Figure 20.6. Each lobe has different functions. [SEP] Each hemisphere is further divided into four parts , called lobes
These drugs may be abused. Drug abuse is use of a drug without the advice of a medical professional and for reasons not originally intended. Continued use of a psychoactive drug may lead to drug addiction. [SEP] Drug abuse is use of a drug without the advice of a medical professional
These drugs may be abused. Drug abuse is use of a drug without the advice of a medical professional and for reasons not originally intended. Continued use of a psychoactive drug may lead to drug addiction. [SEP] not originally intended .
Drug abuse is use of a drug without the advice of a medical professional and for reasons not originally intended. Continued use of a psychoactive drug may lead to drug addiction. This occurs when a drug user is unable to stop using the drug. [SEP] Continued use of a psychoactive drug
Drug abuse is use of a drug without the advice of a medical professional and for reasons not originally intended. Continued use of a psychoactive drug may lead to drug addiction. This occurs when a drug user is unable to stop using the drug. [SEP] drug addiction
Over time, a drug user may need more of the drug to get the desired effect. This can lead to drug overdose and death.  [SEP] Over time , a drug user may need more of the drug to get the desired effect
Over time, a drug user may need more of the drug to get the desired effect. This can lead to drug overdose and death.  [SEP] drug overdose and death
When Hakeem started to fall off the railing, his nervous system sensed that he was losing his balance. It responded by sending messages to his muscles. Some muscles contracted while other relaxed. [SEP] sending messages to his muscles
When Hakeem started to fall off the railing, his nervous system sensed that he was losing his balance. It responded by sending messages to his muscles. Some muscles contracted while other relaxed. [SEP] It responded
Some muscles contracted while other relaxed. As a result, Hakeem gained his balance again. How did his nervous system accomplish all of this in just a split second? [SEP] muscles contracted while other relaxed . As
Some muscles contracted while other relaxed. As a result, Hakeem gained his balance again. How did his nervous system accomplish all of this in just a split second? [SEP] balance
With severe injuries, there may be permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur because of car crashes or athletic activities. Fortunately, many injuries can be prevented by wearing seat belts and safety helmets (see Figure 20.9). [SEP] Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur
With severe injuries, there may be permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur because of car crashes or athletic activities. Fortunately, many injuries can be prevented by wearing seat belts and safety helmets (see Figure 20.9). [SEP] . Fortunately , many injuries can be prevented by wearing seat belts and safety helmets -LRB- see Figure 20.9 -RRB-
Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur because of car crashes or athletic activities. Fortunately, many injuries can be prevented by wearing seat belts and safety helmets (see Figure 20.9). Avoiding unnecessary risks, such as doing stunts on a bike or diving into shallow water, can also reduce the chances of brain and spinal cord injuries. [SEP] wearing seat belts and safety helmets -LRB- see Figure 20.9 -RRB-
Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur because of car crashes or athletic activities. Fortunately, many injuries can be prevented by wearing seat belts and safety helmets (see Figure 20.9). Avoiding unnecessary risks, such as doing stunts on a bike or diving into shallow water, can also reduce the chances of brain and spinal cord injuries. [SEP] Fortunately , many injuries can be prevented
Most concussions heal on their own in a few days or weeks. However, repeated concussions can lead to permanent changes in the brain. More serious brain injuries also often cause permanent brain damage. [SEP] repeated concussions
Most concussions heal on their own in a few days or weeks. However, repeated concussions can lead to permanent changes in the brain. More serious brain injuries also often cause permanent brain damage. [SEP] permanent changes in the brain
The messages carried by neurons are called nerve impulses. A nerve impulse can travel very quickly because it is an electrical signal. Think about flipping on a light switch when you enter a room. [SEP] it is an electrical signal .
The messages carried by neurons are called nerve impulses. A nerve impulse can travel very quickly because it is an electrical signal. Think about flipping on a light switch when you enter a room. [SEP] A nerve impulse can travel very quickly
The axon passes on the nerve impulses to other cells. It branches at the end into multiple nerve endings so it can transmit impulses to many other cells.  [SEP] It branches at the end into multiple nerve endings
The axon passes on the nerve impulses to other cells. It branches at the end into multiple nerve endings so it can transmit impulses to many other cells.  [SEP] it can transmit impulses to many other cells .
Brain cells die quickly when their oxygen supply is cut off. Therefore, a stroke may cause permanent loss of normal mental functions. Many stroke patients suffer some degree of paralysis, or loss of the ability to feel or move certain parts of the body. [SEP] Brain cells die quickly when their oxygen supply is cut off
Brain cells die quickly when their oxygen supply is cut off. Therefore, a stroke may cause permanent loss of normal mental functions. Many stroke patients suffer some degree of paralysis, or loss of the ability to feel or move certain parts of the body. [SEP] a stroke may cause permanent loss of normal mental functions .
Many stroke patients suffer some degree of paralysis, or loss of the ability to feel or move certain parts of the body. If medical treatment is given very soon after a stroke occurs, some of the damage may be reversed. Strokes occur mainly in older adults. [SEP] medical treatment is given very soon after a stroke occurs
Many stroke patients suffer some degree of paralysis, or loss of the ability to feel or move certain parts of the body. If medical treatment is given very soon after a stroke occurs, some of the damage may be reversed. Strokes occur mainly in older adults. [SEP] some of the damage may be reversed .
The function of the eye is to focus light and form images. We see some objects, such as stars and light bulbs, because they give off their own light. However, we see most objects because they reflect light from another source such as the sun. [SEP] they give off their own light .
The function of the eye is to focus light and form images. We see some objects, such as stars and light bulbs, because they give off their own light. However, we see most objects because they reflect light from another source such as the sun. [SEP] We see some objects , such as stars and light bulbs
We see some objects, such as stars and light bulbs, because they give off their own light. However, we see most objects because they reflect light from another source such as the sun. We form images of the objects when some of the reflected light enters our eyes. [SEP] they reflect light from another source such as the sun .
We see some objects, such as stars and light bulbs, because they give off their own light. However, we see most objects because they reflect light from another source such as the sun. We form images of the objects when some of the reflected light enters our eyes. [SEP] However , we see most objects
You could feel the smooth skin of the fruit. If you tried a sample, you could smell the fruity aroma and taste its sweet flavor.  [SEP] you tried a sample
You could feel the smooth skin of the fruit. If you tried a sample, you could smell the fruity aroma and taste its sweet flavor.  [SEP] you could smell the fruity aroma and taste its sweet flavor .
People with myopia can see nearby objects clearly, but distant objects appear blurry. Myopia occurs when images focus in front of the retina because the eyeball is too long. This vision problem can be corrected with concave lenses, which curve inward. [SEP] the eyeball is too long .
People with myopia can see nearby objects clearly, but distant objects appear blurry. Myopia occurs when images focus in front of the retina because the eyeball is too long. This vision problem can be corrected with concave lenses, which curve inward. [SEP] Myopia occurs when images focus in front of the retina
People with hyperopia can see distant objects clearly, but nearby objects appear blurry. Hyperopia occurs when images focus in back of the retina because the eyeball is too short. This vision problem can be corrected with convex lenses, which curve outward. [SEP] the eyeball is too short .
People with hyperopia can see distant objects clearly, but nearby objects appear blurry. Hyperopia occurs when images focus in back of the retina because the eyeball is too short. This vision problem can be corrected with convex lenses, which curve outward. [SEP] Hyperopia occurs when images focus in back of the retina
Did you ever use 3-D glasses to watch a movie, like the teens in Figure 20.11? If you did, then you know that the glasses make images on the flat screen seem more realistic by giving them depth. The images seem to jump right out of the screen toward you. [SEP] you did
Did you ever use 3-D glasses to watch a movie, like the teens in Figure 20.11? If you did, then you know that the glasses make images on the flat screen seem more realistic by giving them depth. The images seem to jump right out of the screen toward you. [SEP] then you know that the glasses make images on the flat screen seem more realistic by giving them depth .
Did you ever use 3-D glasses to watch a movie, like the teens in Figure 20.11? If you did, then you know that the glasses make images on the flat screen seem more realistic by giving them depth. The images seem to jump right out of the screen toward you. [SEP] giving them depth
Did you ever use 3-D glasses to watch a movie, like the teens in Figure 20.11? If you did, then you know that the glasses make images on the flat screen seem more realistic by giving them depth. The images seem to jump right out of the screen toward you. [SEP] then you know that the glasses make images on the flat screen seem more realistic
Unlike many other animals, human beings and other primates normally see the world around them in three dimen- sions. Thats because we have two eyes that face the same direction but are a few inches apart. [SEP] we have two eyes that face the same direction but
Unlike many other animals, human beings and other primates normally see the world around them in three dimen- sions. Thats because we have two eyes that face the same direction but are a few inches apart. [SEP] Unlike many other animals , human beings and other primates normally see the world around them in three dimen - sions . Thats
Endocrine hormones must travel through the bloodstream to the cells they control, and this takes time. On the other hand, because endocrine hormones are released into the bloodstream, they travel to cells everywhere in the body. For a good visual introduction to the endocrine system, watch this short video: http [SEP] endocrine hormones are released into the bloodstream
Endocrine hormones must travel through the bloodstream to the cells they control, and this takes time. On the other hand, because endocrine hormones are released into the bloodstream, they travel to cells everywhere in the body. For a good visual introduction to the endocrine system, watch this short video: http [SEP] they travel to cells everywhere in the body .
An endocrine disease usually involves the secretion of too much or not enough hormone by an endocrine gland. This may happen because the gland develops an abnormal lump of cells called a tumor. For example, a tumor of the pituitary gland can cause secretion of too much growth hormone. [SEP] the gland develops an abnormal lump of cells called a tumor .
An endocrine disease usually involves the secretion of too much or not enough hormone by an endocrine gland. This may happen because the gland develops an abnormal lump of cells called a tumor. For example, a tumor of the pituitary gland can cause secretion of too much growth hormone. [SEP] This may happen
For example, a tumor of the pituitary gland can cause secretion of too much growth hormone. If this occurs in a child, it may result in very rapid growth and unusual tallness by adulthood. This is called gigantism. [SEP] this occurs in a child
For example, a tumor of the pituitary gland can cause secretion of too much growth hormone. If this occurs in a child, it may result in very rapid growth and unusual tallness by adulthood. This is called gigantism. [SEP] it may result in very rapid growth and unusual tallness by adulthood .
In this disease, the bodys own immune system attacks insulin- secreting cells of the pancreas. As a result, not enough insulin is secreted to maintain normal levels of glucose in the blood. Patients with type 1 diabetes must regularly check the level of glucose in their blood. [SEP] In this disease , the bodys own immune system attacks insulin - secreting cells of the pancreas
In this disease, the bodys own immune system attacks insulin- secreting cells of the pancreas. As a result, not enough insulin is secreted to maintain normal levels of glucose in the blood. Patients with type 1 diabetes must regularly check the level of glucose in their blood. [SEP] not enough insulin is secreted to maintain normal levels of glucose in the blood .
When it gets too high, they must give themselves an injection of insulin to bring it under control. You can learn more about glucose, insulin, and type 1 diabetes by watching this video:  . MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] watching this video
When it gets too high, they must give themselves an injection of insulin to bring it under control. You can learn more about glucose, insulin, and type 1 diabetes by watching this video:  . MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] : .
A target cell is the type of cell on which a given endocrine hormone has an effect. A target cell is affected by a given hormone because it has proteins on its surface to which the hormone can bind. When the hormone binds to target cell proteins, it causes changes inside the cell. [SEP] it has proteins on its surface to which the hormone can bind .
A target cell is the type of cell on which a given endocrine hormone has an effect. A target cell is affected by a given hormone because it has proteins on its surface to which the hormone can bind. When the hormone binds to target cell proteins, it causes changes inside the cell. [SEP] A target cell is affected by a given hormone
There are several other endocrine glands. Find them in Figure 20.17 as you read about them below. The thyroid gland is a relatively large gland in the neck. [SEP] you read about them below .
There are several other endocrine glands. Find them in Figure 20.17 as you read about them below. The thyroid gland is a relatively large gland in the neck. [SEP] There are several other endocrine glands . Find them in Figure 20.17
For example, it produces antid- iuretic hormone. This hormone travels to the kidneys and stimulates them to conserve water by producing more concentrated urine.  [SEP] producing more concentrated urine
For example, it produces antid- iuretic hormone. This hormone travels to the kidneys and stimulates them to conserve water by producing more concentrated urine.  [SEP] This hormone travels to the kidneys and stimulates them to conserve water
 Endocrine hormones control many cell activities, so they are very important for homeostasis. But what controls the hormones? [SEP] Endocrine hormones control many cell activities
 Endocrine hormones control many cell activities, so they are very important for homeostasis. But what controls the hormones? [SEP] they are very important for homeostasis .
Many pathogens spread by droplets in the air. Droplets are released when a person coughs or sneezes, as you can see in Figure 21.2. The droplets may be loaded with pathogens. [SEP] you can see in Figure 21.2 .
Many pathogens spread by droplets in the air. Droplets are released when a person coughs or sneezes, as you can see in Figure 21.2. The droplets may be loaded with pathogens. [SEP] Droplets are released when a person coughs or sneezes
The droplets may be loaded with pathogens. Other people may get sick if they breathe in the pathogens on the droplets. Viruses that cause colds and flu can spread this way. [SEP] they breathe in the pathogens on the droplets .
The droplets may be loaded with pathogens. Other people may get sick if they breathe in the pathogens on the droplets. Viruses that cause colds and flu can spread this way. [SEP] Other people may get sick
 Making healthy lifestyle choices can help prevent some types of cancer. For example, you can reduce your risk of lung cancer by not smoking. [SEP] Making healthy lifestyle choices
 Making healthy lifestyle choices can help prevent some types of cancer. For example, you can reduce your risk of lung cancer by not smoking. [SEP] can help prevent some types of cancer
For example, you can reduce your risk of lung cancer by not smoking. You can reduce your risk of skin cancer by using sunscreen (see Figure 21.6).  [SEP] using sunscreen -LRB- see Figure 21.6 -RRB-
For example, you can reduce your risk of lung cancer by not smoking. You can reduce your risk of skin cancer by using sunscreen (see Figure 21.6).  [SEP] You can reduce your risk of skin cancer
The kidneys work harder to filter the extra glucose from the blood and excrete it in urine. This leads to frequent urination, which in turn causes excessive thirst. Watch this short video for an animated introduction to diabetes, its causes, and its consequences:  MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] The kidneys work harder to filter the extra glucose from the blood and excrete it in urine
The kidneys work harder to filter the extra glucose from the blood and excrete it in urine. This leads to frequent urination, which in turn causes excessive thirst. Watch this short video for an animated introduction to diabetes, its causes, and its consequences:  MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] frequent urination , which in turn causes excessive thirst
Type 1 diabetes is caused by the immune system attacking and destroying normal cells of the pancreas. As a result, the cells can no longer produce insulin. Why the immune system acts this way is not known for certain. [SEP] Type 1 diabetes is caused by the immune system attacking and destroying normal cells of the pancreas
Type 1 diabetes is caused by the immune system attacking and destroying normal cells of the pancreas. As a result, the cells can no longer produce insulin. Why the immune system acts this way is not known for certain. [SEP] the cells can no longer produce insulin .
This type of diabetes usually develops in adulthood. However, it is becoming more common in teens and children because more young people are overweight now than ever before. You can greatly reduce your risk of developing type 2 diabetes by maintaining a healthy body weight. [SEP] more young people are overweight now than ever before .
This type of diabetes usually develops in adulthood. However, it is becoming more common in teens and children because more young people are overweight now than ever before. You can greatly reduce your risk of developing type 2 diabetes by maintaining a healthy body weight. [SEP] However , it is becoming more common in teens and children
However, it is becoming more common in teens and children because more young people are overweight now than ever before. You can greatly reduce your risk of developing type 2 diabetes by maintaining a healthy body weight. Some cases of type 2 diabetes can be cured with weight loss. [SEP] maintaining a healthy body weight
However, it is becoming more common in teens and children because more young people are overweight now than ever before. You can greatly reduce your risk of developing type 2 diabetes by maintaining a healthy body weight. Some cases of type 2 diabetes can be cured with weight loss. [SEP] You can greatly reduce your risk of developing type 2 diabetes
Sometimes cancer cells break away from a tumor. If they enter the bloodstream, they are carried throughout the body. Then the cells may start growing in other tissues. [SEP] they enter the bloodstream
Sometimes cancer cells break away from a tumor. If they enter the bloodstream, they are carried throughout the body. Then the cells may start growing in other tissues. [SEP] they are carried throughout the body .
This is usually how cancer spreads from one part of the body to another. Once this happens, cancer is very hard to stop.  [SEP] this happens
This is usually how cancer spreads from one part of the body to another. Once this happens, cancer is very hard to stop.  [SEP] cancer is very hard to stop .
Mutations are random errors in genes. Mutations that lead to cancer usually occur in genes that control the cell cycle. Because of the mutations, abnormal cells are allowed to divide. [SEP] are random errors in genes . Mutations
Mutations are random errors in genes. Mutations that lead to cancer usually occur in genes that control the cell cycle. Because of the mutations, abnormal cells are allowed to divide. [SEP] cancer
Mutations that lead to cancer usually occur in genes that control the cell cycle. Because of the mutations, abnormal cells are allowed to divide. Some mutations that lead to cancer may be inherited. [SEP] Mutations that lead to cancer usually occur in genes that control the cell cycle
Mutations that lead to cancer usually occur in genes that control the cell cycle. Because of the mutations, abnormal cells are allowed to divide. Some mutations that lead to cancer may be inherited. [SEP] , abnormal cells are allowed to divide .
Because of the mutations, abnormal cells are allowed to divide. Some mutations that lead to cancer may be inherited. However, most of the mutations are caused by environmental factors. [SEP] of the mutations , abnormal cells are allowed to divide . Some mutations
Because of the mutations, abnormal cells are allowed to divide. Some mutations that lead to cancer may be inherited. However, most of the mutations are caused by environmental factors. [SEP] cancer
 Many cases of cancer can be cured if the cancer is diagnosed and treated early. Treatment often involves removing a tumor with surgery. [SEP] the cancer is diagnosed and treated early .
 Many cases of cancer can be cured if the cancer is diagnosed and treated early. Treatment often involves removing a tumor with surgery. [SEP] Many cases of cancer can be cured
These treatments may include drugs and radiation, both of which target and kill cancer cells. Its important to know the warning signs of cancer so it can be diagnosed as early as possible. Having warning signs doesnt mean that you have cancer, but you should check with a doctor to be sure. [SEP] to know the warning signs of cancer
These treatments may include drugs and radiation, both of which target and kill cancer cells. Its important to know the warning signs of cancer so it can be diagnosed as early as possible. Having warning signs doesnt mean that you have cancer, but you should check with a doctor to be sure. [SEP] it can be diagnosed as early as possible .
Did you ever hear of hay fever? Its not really a fever, and it may have nothing to do with hay. Its actually an allergy to plant pollens. [SEP] Its not really a fever
Did you ever hear of hay fever? Its not really a fever, and it may have nothing to do with hay. Its actually an allergy to plant pollens. [SEP] and it may have nothing to do with hay .
One way is to avoid exposure to the allergens that cause your symptoms. If you are allergic to pollen, for example, you can reduce your exposure by staying inside when pollen levels are highest. Some people receive allergy shots to help prevent allergic reactions. [SEP] you are allergic to pollen
One way is to avoid exposure to the allergens that cause your symptoms. If you are allergic to pollen, for example, you can reduce your exposure by staying inside when pollen levels are highest. Some people receive allergy shots to help prevent allergic reactions. [SEP] for example , you can reduce your exposure by staying inside when pollen levels are highest .
One way is to avoid exposure to the allergens that cause your symptoms. If you are allergic to pollen, for example, you can reduce your exposure by staying inside when pollen levels are highest. Some people receive allergy shots to help prevent allergic reactions. [SEP] staying inside when pollen levels are highest
One way is to avoid exposure to the allergens that cause your symptoms. If you are allergic to pollen, for example, you can reduce your exposure by staying inside when pollen levels are highest. Some people receive allergy shots to help prevent allergic reactions. [SEP] for example , you can reduce your exposure
4. Once sperm are mature, they can swim. The mature sperm remain in the epididymis until it is time for them to leave the body. [SEP] sperm are mature
4. Once sperm are mature, they can swim. The mature sperm remain in the epididymis until it is time for them to leave the body. [SEP] they can swim .
Sperm leave the epididymis through the vas deferens. As they travel through the vas deferens, they pass by the prostate and other glands. The sperm mix with secretions from these glands, forming semen. [SEP] they travel through the vas deferens , they pass by the prostate and other glands .
Sperm leave the epididymis through the vas deferens. As they travel through the vas deferens, they pass by the prostate and other glands. The sperm mix with secretions from these glands, forming semen. [SEP] Sperm leave the epididymis through the vas deferens .
These organs are shown in Figure 22.3, along with some other structures of the female reproductive system. Find each organ in the drawing as you read about it below. For a cartoon about the female reproductive system, watch this video: [SEP] you read about it below .
These organs are shown in Figure 22.3, along with some other structures of the female reproductive system. Find each organ in the drawing as you read about it below. For a cartoon about the female reproductive system, watch this video: [SEP] These organs are shown in Figure 22.3 , along with some other structures of the female reproductive system . Find each organ in the drawing
The egg then passes through the fallopian tube to the uterus. If an egg is fertilized, this occurs in the fallopian tube. The uterus is a hollow organ with muscular walls. [SEP] an egg is fertilized
The egg then passes through the fallopian tube to the uterus. If an egg is fertilized, this occurs in the fallopian tube. The uterus is a hollow organ with muscular walls. [SEP] this occurs in the fallopian tube .
The female reproductive system has another important function, which is not found in males. It supports a baby as it develops before birth. It also gives birth to the baby at the end of pregnancy. [SEP] it develops before birth .
The female reproductive system has another important function, which is not found in males. It supports a baby as it develops before birth. It also gives birth to the baby at the end of pregnancy. [SEP] It supports a baby
It develops a thick lining that is full of tiny blood vessels. The lining prepares the uterus to receive a fertilized egg if fertilization actually takes place. If fertilization doesnt occur, the egg passes through the uterus and vagina and out of the body. [SEP] fertilization actually takes place .
It develops a thick lining that is full of tiny blood vessels. The lining prepares the uterus to receive a fertilized egg if fertilization actually takes place. If fertilization doesnt occur, the egg passes through the uterus and vagina and out of the body. [SEP] The lining prepares the uterus to receive a fertilized egg
The lining prepares the uterus to receive a fertilized egg if fertilization actually takes place. If fertilization doesnt occur, the egg passes through the uterus and vagina and out of the body. The lining of the uterus also breaks down. [SEP] fertilization doesnt occur
The lining prepares the uterus to receive a fertilized egg if fertilization actually takes place. If fertilization doesnt occur, the egg passes through the uterus and vagina and out of the body. The lining of the uterus also breaks down. [SEP] the egg passes through the uterus and vagina and out of the body .
After puberty, an egg develops in an ovary about once a month. As you can see in Figure 22.4, the egg rests in a nest of cells called a follicle. The follicle and egg grow larger and go through other changes. [SEP] you can see in Figure 22.4 , the egg rests in a nest of cells called a follicle .
After puberty, an egg develops in an ovary about once a month. As you can see in Figure 22.4, the egg rests in a nest of cells called a follicle. The follicle and egg grow larger and go through other changes. [SEP] After puberty , an egg develops in an ovary about once a month .
After ovulation occurs, the moving fingers of the nearby fallopian tube sweep the egg into the tube. Fertilization may occur if sperm reach the egg while it is passing through the fallopian tube. If this happens, the egg finally completes meiosis. [SEP] sperm reach the egg while it is passing through the fallopian tube .
After ovulation occurs, the moving fingers of the nearby fallopian tube sweep the egg into the tube. Fertilization may occur if sperm reach the egg while it is passing through the fallopian tube. If this happens, the egg finally completes meiosis. [SEP] Fertilization may occur
Fertilization may occur if sperm reach the egg while it is passing through the fallopian tube. If this happens, the egg finally completes meiosis. This results in two daughter cells that differ in size. [SEP] this happens
Fertilization may occur if sperm reach the egg while it is passing through the fallopian tube. If this happens, the egg finally completes meiosis. This results in two daughter cells that differ in size. [SEP] the egg finally completes meiosis .
The zygote spends the next few days traveling down the fallopian tube toward the uterus, where it will take up residence. As it travels, it divides many times by mitosis. It soon forms a tiny, fluid-filled ball of cells called a blastocyst. [SEP] it travels , it divides many times by mitosis .
The zygote spends the next few days traveling down the fallopian tube toward the uterus, where it will take up residence. As it travels, it divides many times by mitosis. It soon forms a tiny, fluid-filled ball of cells called a blastocyst. [SEP] The zygote spends the next few days traveling down the fallopian tube toward the uterus , where it will take up residence .
It soon forms a tiny, fluid-filled ball of cells called a blastocyst. The blastocyst has an inner and outer layer of cells, as you can see in Figure 22.5. The inner layer, called the embryoblast, will develop into the new human being. [SEP] you can see in Figure 22.5 .
It soon forms a tiny, fluid-filled ball of cells called a blastocyst. The blastocyst has an inner and outer layer of cells, as you can see in Figure 22.5. The inner layer, called the embryoblast, will develop into the new human being. [SEP] The blastocyst has an inner and outer layer of cells
From the eighth week following fertilization until birth, the developing human being is called a fetus. Birth typically occurs at about 38 weeks after fertilization, so the fetal period generally lasts about 30 weeks. During this time, the organs complete their development. [SEP] Birth typically occurs at about 38 weeks after fertilization
From the eighth week following fertilization until birth, the developing human being is called a fetus. Birth typically occurs at about 38 weeks after fertilization, so the fetal period generally lasts about 30 weeks. During this time, the organs complete their development. [SEP] the fetal period generally lasts about 30 weeks .
She also must provide all the nutrients and other substances needed for normal growth and development. Most nutrients are needed in greater amounts by a pregnant woman because she is literally eating for two people. Thats why its important for a woman to eat plenty of nutritious foods during pregnancy. [SEP] she is literally eating for two people .
She also must provide all the nutrients and other substances needed for normal growth and development. Most nutrients are needed in greater amounts by a pregnant woman because she is literally eating for two people. Thats why its important for a woman to eat plenty of nutritious foods during pregnancy. [SEP] Most nutrients are needed in greater amounts by a pregnant woman
Within seconds of birth, the umbilical cord is cut. Without this connection to the placenta, the baby cant exchange gases, so carbon dioxide quickly builds up in the babys blood. This stimulates the babys brain to trigger breathing, and the newborn takes her first breath. [SEP] , the baby cant exchange gases
Within seconds of birth, the umbilical cord is cut. Without this connection to the placenta, the baby cant exchange gases, so carbon dioxide quickly builds up in the babys blood. This stimulates the babys brain to trigger breathing, and the newborn takes her first breath. [SEP] carbon dioxide quickly builds up in the babys blood .
You must be 21 years old before you can take on many legal and financial responsibilities. Once adulthood begins, it can be divided into three stages: early, middle, and late adulthood.  [SEP] adulthood begins
You must be 21 years old before you can take on many legal and financial responsibilities. Once adulthood begins, it can be divided into three stages: early, middle, and late adulthood.  [SEP] it can be divided into three stages : early , middle , and late adulthood .
Many teens have emotional ups and downs. This is at least partly due to their changing hormone levels. Teens usually start spending more time with their peers, like the girls in Figure 22.13. [SEP] their changing hormone levels
Many teens have emotional ups and downs. This is at least partly due to their changing hormone levels. Teens usually start spending more time with their peers, like the girls in Figure 22.13. [SEP] This is at least partly
The shoulders broaden. The voice becomes deeper as the larynx in the throat grows larger (see Figure 22.12). Girls and boys of the same age are similar in height during childhood. [SEP] the larynx in the throat grows larger -LRB- see Figure 22.12 -RRB- .
The shoulders broaden. The voice becomes deeper as the larynx in the throat grows larger (see Figure 22.12). Girls and boys of the same age are similar in height during childhood. [SEP] The voice becomes deeper
But boys grow more quickly that girls do, and their period of rapid growth also lasts longer. In addition, boys generally start puberty later than girls, so they have a longer period of childhood growth. For all these reasons, by the end of puberty, the average height of boys is 10 centimeters (about 4 inches) greater than the average height of girls. [SEP] In addition , boys generally start puberty later than girls
But boys grow more quickly that girls do, and their period of rapid growth also lasts longer. In addition, boys generally start puberty later than girls, so they have a longer period of childhood growth. For all these reasons, by the end of puberty, the average height of boys is 10 centimeters (about 4 inches) greater than the average height of girls. [SEP] they have a longer period of childhood growth .
In addition, boys generally start puberty later than girls, so they have a longer period of childhood growth. For all these reasons, by the end of puberty, the average height of boys is 10 centimeters (about 4 inches) greater than the average height of girls.  [SEP] In addition , boys generally start puberty later than girls , so they have a longer period of childhood growth
In addition, boys generally start puberty later than girls, so they have a longer period of childhood growth. For all these reasons, by the end of puberty, the average height of boys is 10 centimeters (about 4 inches) greater than the average height of girls.  [SEP] by the end of puberty , the average height of boys is 10 centimeters -LRB- about 4 inches -RRB- greater than the average height of girls .
Their immune system also doesnt work as well as it used to. As a result, common diseases like the flu may become more serious and even lead to death. The majority of late adults develop arthritis, and as many as one in four develop Alzheimers disease. [SEP] Their immune system also doesnt work as well as it used to
Their immune system also doesnt work as well as it used to. As a result, common diseases like the flu may become more serious and even lead to death. The majority of late adults develop arthritis, and as many as one in four develop Alzheimers disease. [SEP] common diseases like the flu may become more serious and even lead to death .
As a result, common diseases like the flu may become more serious and even lead to death. The majority of late adults develop arthritis, and as many as one in four develop Alzheimers disease. Despite problems such as these, many people remain healthy and active into their 80s and even 90s. [SEP] many as one in four develop Alzheimers disease .
As a result, common diseases like the flu may become more serious and even lead to death. The majority of late adults develop arthritis, and as many as one in four develop Alzheimers disease. Despite problems such as these, many people remain healthy and active into their 80s and even 90s. [SEP] The majority of late adults develop arthritis , and
Yeast normally grow in the vagina. If they multiple too quickly, they may cause irritation. A yeast infection can be treated with medication. [SEP] they multiple too quickly
Yeast normally grow in the vagina. If they multiple too quickly, they may cause irritation. A yeast infection can be treated with medication. [SEP] they may cause irritation .
It occurs when cells in the breast grow out of control and form a tumor. Breast cancer is rare in teens but becomes more common as females get older. Regular screening is recommended for most women starting around age 40. [SEP] females get older .
It occurs when cells in the breast grow out of control and form a tumor. Breast cancer is rare in teens but becomes more common as females get older. Regular screening is recommended for most women starting around age 40. [SEP] Breast cancer is rare in teens but becomes more common
HIV destroys lymphocytes that normally fight infections. AIDS develops if the number of lymphocytes drops to a very low level. People with AIDS come down with diseasessuch as certain rare cancersthat almost never occur in people with a healthy immune system. [SEP] the number of lymphocytes drops to a very low level .
HIV destroys lymphocytes that normally fight infections. AIDS develops if the number of lymphocytes drops to a very low level. People with AIDS come down with diseasessuch as certain rare cancersthat almost never occur in people with a healthy immune system. [SEP] AIDS develops
AIDS develops if the number of lymphocytes drops to a very low level. People with AIDS come down with diseasessuch as certain rare cancersthat almost never occur in people with a healthy immune system. Medicines can delay the progression of an HIV infection and may prevent AIDS from developing. [SEP] certain rare cancersthat almost never occur in people with a healthy immune system .
AIDS develops if the number of lymphocytes drops to a very low level. People with AIDS come down with diseasessuch as certain rare cancersthat almost never occur in people with a healthy immune system. Medicines can delay the progression of an HIV infection and may prevent AIDS from developing. [SEP] People with AIDS come down with diseasessuch
The vaccine is recommended for boys and girls starting at 11 or 12 years of age. Its important to prevent HPV infections because they may lead to cancer later in life.  [SEP] they may lead to cancer later in life .
The vaccine is recommended for boys and girls starting at 11 or 12 years of age. Its important to prevent HPV infections because they may lead to cancer later in life.  [SEP] Its important to prevent HPV infections
The vaccine is recommended for boys and girls starting at 11 or 12 years of age. Its important to prevent HPV infections because they may lead to cancer later in life.  [SEP] they
The vaccine is recommended for boys and girls starting at 11 or 12 years of age. Its important to prevent HPV infections because they may lead to cancer later in life.  [SEP] cancer
Myth If you are sexually active with just one person, then you cant get STIs. If you dont have any symptoms, then you dont have an STI. [SEP] you are sexually active with just one person
Myth If you are sexually active with just one person, then you cant get STIs. If you dont have any symptoms, then you dont have an STI. [SEP] then you cant get STIs .
If you are sexually active with just one person, then you cant get STIs. If you dont have any symptoms, then you dont have an STI. Getting STIs is no big deal, because they can be cured with medicines. [SEP] you dont have any symptoms
If you are sexually active with just one person, then you cant get STIs. If you dont have any symptoms, then you dont have an STI. Getting STIs is no big deal, because they can be cured with medicines. [SEP] then you dont have an STI .
If you dont have any symptoms, then you dont have an STI. Getting STIs is no big deal, because they can be cured with medicines. Fact [SEP] they can be cured with medicines .
If you dont have any symptoms, then you dont have an STI. Getting STIs is no big deal, because they can be cured with medicines. Fact [SEP] Getting STIs is no big deal
Bacterial STIs can usually be cured with antibiotics. However, some people with bacterial STIs may not have symptoms so they fail to get treatment. Left untreated, these infections may damage reproductive organs and lead to an inability to have children. [SEP] However , some people with bacterial STIs may not have symptoms
Bacterial STIs can usually be cured with antibiotics. However, some people with bacterial STIs may not have symptoms so they fail to get treatment. Left untreated, these infections may damage reproductive organs and lead to an inability to have children. [SEP] they fail to get treatment .
This is followed a few months later by a rash and flu-like symptoms. If syphilis isnt treated, it can eventually damage the heart, brain, and other organs and even cause death.  [SEP] syphilis isnt treated
This is followed a few months later by a rash and flu-like symptoms. If syphilis isnt treated, it can eventually damage the heart, brain, and other organs and even cause death.  [SEP] it can eventually damage the heart , brain , and other organs and even cause death .
 Maintaining overall good health will help keep your reproductive system healthy. You should eat right, get regular exercise, and follow other healthy lifestyle behaviors. [SEP] Maintaining overall good health
 Maintaining overall good health will help keep your reproductive system healthy. You should eat right, get regular exercise, and follow other healthy lifestyle behaviors. [SEP] will help keep your reproductive system healthy
This will reduce your risk of toxic shock syndrome. This is a very dangerous condition that may occur if tampons are left in too long. If you are a boy, wear a protective cup if you play a contact sport. [SEP] tampons are left in too long .
This will reduce your risk of toxic shock syndrome. This is a very dangerous condition that may occur if tampons are left in too long. If you are a boy, wear a protective cup if you play a contact sport. [SEP] This is a very dangerous condition that may occur
You should also learn how to check yourself for testicular cancer (see Figure 22.16). You can learn how by watching this video:   MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] watching this video
You should also learn how to check yourself for testicular cancer (see Figure 22.16). You can learn how by watching this video:   MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] You can learn how
Population size influences the chances of a species surviving or going extinct. If a species populations become very small, the species may be at risk of going extinct.  [SEP] a species populations become very small
Population size influences the chances of a species surviving or going extinct. If a species populations become very small, the species may be at risk of going extinct.  [SEP] the species may be at risk of going extinct .
You can see different patterns of population distribution in Figure 23.3. Different patterns characterize different species and types of environments, as you can read in the figure.  [SEP] you can read in the figure .
You can see different patterns of population distribution in Figure 23.3. Different patterns characterize different species and types of environments, as you can read in the figure.  [SEP] Different patterns characterize different species and types of environments
During this long period of time, the total number of human beings increased very slowly. Birth rates were fairly high but so were death rates, producing low rates of population growth. Human beings invented agriculture about 10,000 years ago. [SEP] Birth rates were fairly high
During this long period of time, the total number of human beings increased very slowly. Birth rates were fairly high but so were death rates, producing low rates of population growth. Human beings invented agriculture about 10,000 years ago. [SEP] were death rates , producing low rates of population growth .
It also allowed people to settle down in villages and cities for the first time. Birth rates went up because there was more food and settled life had other advantages. Death rates also rose because of crowded living conditions and diseases that spread from domestic animals. [SEP] there was more food and settled life had other advantages .
It also allowed people to settle down in villages and cities for the first time. Birth rates went up because there was more food and settled life had other advantages. Death rates also rose because of crowded living conditions and diseases that spread from domestic animals. [SEP] Birth rates went up
Birth rates went up because there was more food and settled life had other advantages. Death rates also rose because of crowded living conditions and diseases that spread from domestic animals. Because the higher birth rates were matched by higher death rates, the human population continued to grow very slowly. [SEP] Death rates also rose
Birth rates went up because there was more food and settled life had other advantages. Death rates also rose because of crowded living conditions and diseases that spread from domestic animals. Because the higher birth rates were matched by higher death rates, the human population continued to grow very slowly. [SEP] . Because the higher birth rates were matched by higher death rates , the human population continued to grow very slowly
Death rates also rose because of crowded living conditions and diseases that spread from domestic animals. Because the higher birth rates were matched by higher death rates, the human population continued to grow very slowly.  [SEP] the higher birth rates were matched by higher death rates
Death rates also rose because of crowded living conditions and diseases that spread from domestic animals. Because the higher birth rates were matched by higher death rates, the human population continued to grow very slowly.  [SEP] the human population continued to grow very slowly .
Human beings have colonized almost every terrestrial part of the planet. Overall, the human population has had a pattern of exponential growth, as you can see in Figure 23.6. The early human population grew very slowly. [SEP] you can see in Figure 23.6 .
Human beings have colonized almost every terrestrial part of the planet. Overall, the human population has had a pattern of exponential growth, as you can see in Figure 23.6. The early human population grew very slowly. [SEP] Overall , the human population has had a pattern of exponential growth
These populations seem to be stuck in Stage 2 or 3 of the demographic transition. They have high population growth rates because low death rates are not matched by equally low birth rates. Whether these populations will ever enter Stage 4 and attain very low rates of population growth is uncertain. [SEP] low death rates are not matched by equally low birth rates .
These populations seem to be stuck in Stage 2 or 3 of the demographic transition. They have high population growth rates because low death rates are not matched by equally low birth rates. Whether these populations will ever enter Stage 4 and attain very low rates of population growth is uncertain. [SEP] They have high population growth rates
The graph in Figure 23.7 shows the stages in which the demographic transition occurred. You can learn more about the stages by watching this video: http://education-portal.com/academy/lesson/what-is-d In Stage 1, both birth and death rates were high so population growth was slow. [SEP] watching this video : http://education-portal.com/academy/lesson/what-is-d
The graph in Figure 23.7 shows the stages in which the demographic transition occurred. You can learn more about the stages by watching this video: http://education-portal.com/academy/lesson/what-is-d In Stage 1, both birth and death rates were high so population growth was slow. [SEP] You can learn more about the stages
You can learn more about the stages by watching this video: http://education-portal.com/academy/lesson/what-is-d In Stage 1, both birth and death rates were high so population growth was slow. In Stage 2, death rates fell while birth rates remained high. [SEP] In Stage 1 , both birth and death rates were high
You can learn more about the stages by watching this video: http://education-portal.com/academy/lesson/what-is-d In Stage 1, both birth and death rates were high so population growth was slow. In Stage 2, death rates fell while birth rates remained high. [SEP] population growth was slow .
Better farming techniques and machines increased the food supply and the distribution of food. For all these reasons, death rates fell, especially in children. Birth rates, on the other hand, remained high. [SEP] Better farming techniques and machines increased the food supply and the distribution of food
Better farming techniques and machines increased the food supply and the distribution of food. For all these reasons, death rates fell, especially in children. Birth rates, on the other hand, remained high. [SEP] death rates fell , especially in children .
Before long, birth rates also started to fall. People started having fewer children because large families became too expensive. For example, with better farming machines, farm families no longer needed as many children to work in the fields. [SEP] large families became too expensive .
Before long, birth rates also started to fall. People started having fewer children because large families became too expensive. For example, with better farming machines, farm families no longer needed as many children to work in the fields. [SEP] People started having fewer children
People started having fewer children because large families became too expensive. For example, with better farming machines, farm families no longer needed as many children to work in the fields. Laws were also passed that required children to go to school. [SEP] many children to work in the fields .
People started having fewer children because large families became too expensive. For example, with better farming machines, farm families no longer needed as many children to work in the fields. Laws were also passed that required children to go to school. [SEP] For example , with better farming machines , farm families no longer needed
For example, with better farming machines, farm families no longer needed as many children to work in the fields. Laws were also passed that required children to go to school. They could no longer work and help support the family. [SEP] children
For example, with better farming machines, farm families no longer needed as many children to work in the fields. Laws were also passed that required children to go to school. They could no longer work and help support the family. [SEP] Laws were also passed
Eventually, birth rates fell to match death rates (Stage 4). As a result, population growth slowed down.  [SEP] Eventually , birth rates fell to match death rates -LRB- Stage 4 -RRB-
Eventually, birth rates fell to match death rates (Stage 4). As a result, population growth slowed down.  [SEP] population growth slowed down .
The rate of growth of a population may be positive or negative. A positive growth rate means that the population is increasing in size because more people are being added than lost. A negative growth rate means that the population is decreasing in size because more people are being lost than added. [SEP] more people are being added than lost .
The rate of growth of a population may be positive or negative. A positive growth rate means that the population is increasing in size because more people are being added than lost. A negative growth rate means that the population is decreasing in size because more people are being lost than added. [SEP] A positive growth rate means that the population is increasing in size
A positive growth rate means that the population is increasing in size because more people are being added than lost. A negative growth rate means that the population is decreasing in size because more people are being lost than added. Populations may show different patterns of growth. [SEP] more people are being lost than added .
A positive growth rate means that the population is increasing in size because more people are being added than lost. A negative growth rate means that the population is decreasing in size because more people are being lost than added. Populations may show different patterns of growth. [SEP] A negative growth rate means that the population is decreasing in size
With exponential growth, the population starts out growing slowly. As population size increases, the growth rate also increases. The larger the population becomes, the more quickly it grows. [SEP] population size increases , the growth rate also increases .
With exponential growth, the population starts out growing slowly. As population size increases, the growth rate also increases. The larger the population becomes, the more quickly it grows. [SEP] With exponential growth , the population starts out growing slowly .
With logistic growth, the population starts out growing slowly, and then the rate of growth increasesbut only to a point. The rate of growth tapers off as the population size approaches its carrying capacity. Carrying capacity is the largest population size that can be supported in an area without harming the environment. [SEP] the population size approaches its carrying capacity .
With logistic growth, the population starts out growing slowly, and then the rate of growth increasesbut only to a point. The rate of growth tapers off as the population size approaches its carrying capacity. Carrying capacity is the largest population size that can be supported in an area without harming the environment. [SEP] The rate of growth tapers off
The age-sex structure of a population may influence the population growth rate. This is because only individuals of certain ages are able to reproduce, and because individuals of certain ages may be more likely to die. For example, if there are many individuals of reproductive age, there are likely to be many births, causing the population to grow rapidly. [SEP] only individuals of certain ages are able to reproduce
The age-sex structure of a population may influence the population growth rate. This is because only individuals of certain ages are able to reproduce, and because individuals of certain ages may be more likely to die. For example, if there are many individuals of reproductive age, there are likely to be many births, causing the population to grow rapidly. [SEP] and because individuals of certain ages may be more likely to die .
This is because only individuals of certain ages are able to reproduce, and because individuals of certain ages may be more likely to die. For example, if there are many individuals of reproductive age, there are likely to be many births, causing the population to grow rapidly. The age-sex structure of a population is often represented with a special bar graph called a population pyramid. [SEP] there are many individuals of reproductive age
This is because only individuals of certain ages are able to reproduce, and because individuals of certain ages may be more likely to die. For example, if there are many individuals of reproductive age, there are likely to be many births, causing the population to grow rapidly. The age-sex structure of a population is often represented with a special bar graph called a population pyramid. [SEP] there are likely to be many births , causing the population to grow rapidly .
You can see an example of a population pyramid in Figure 23.5. The graph in the figure actually has a pyramid shape because the bars become narrower from younger to older ages. However, this is not always the case. [SEP] the bars become narrower from younger to older ages .
You can see an example of a population pyramid in Figure 23.5. The graph in the figure actually has a pyramid shape because the bars become narrower from younger to older ages. However, this is not always the case. [SEP] The graph in the figure actually has a pyramid shape
It could also lead to devastating outbreaks of disease, starvation, and war. To solve these problems, two approaches may be needed: Slow down human population growth so there are fewer people. Distribute Earths resources more fairly so that everyone has enough. [SEP] To solve these problems , two approaches may be needed : Slow down human population growth
It could also lead to devastating outbreaks of disease, starvation, and war. To solve these problems, two approaches may be needed: Slow down human population growth so there are fewer people. Distribute Earths resources more fairly so that everyone has enough. [SEP] there are fewer people .
To solve these problems, two approaches may be needed: Slow down human population growth so there are fewer people. Distribute Earths resources more fairly so that everyone has enough. Hopefully, we will act before its too late. [SEP] solve these problems , two approaches may be needed : Slow down human population growth so there are fewer people . Distribute Earths resources more fairly
To solve these problems, two approaches may be needed: Slow down human population growth so there are fewer people. Distribute Earths resources more fairly so that everyone has enough. Hopefully, we will act before its too late. [SEP] that everyone has enough .
This part of the water is called the photic zone. Below 200 meters, there is too little sunlight for photosynthesis to take place. This part of the water is called the aphotic zone. [SEP] Below 200 meters
This part of the water is called the photic zone. Below 200 meters, there is too little sunlight for photosynthesis to take place. This part of the water is called the aphotic zone. [SEP] there is too little sunlight for photosynthesis to take place .
You can read about three different terrestrial biomes in Figure 23.19: tropical rainforest, temperate grassland, and tundra. You can learn more about these and other terrestrial biomes by watching this video:   MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] watching this video
You can read about three different terrestrial biomes in Figure 23.19: tropical rainforest, temperate grassland, and tundra. You can learn more about these and other terrestrial biomes by watching this video:   MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] You can learn more about these and other terrestrial biomes
A lake is an example of a freshwater biome. Water in a lake generally forms three different zones based on water depth and distance from shore. The shallow water near the shore is called the littoral zone. [SEP] water depth and distance from shore
A lake is an example of a freshwater biome. Water in a lake generally forms three different zones based on water depth and distance from shore. The shallow water near the shore is called the littoral zone. [SEP] Water in a lake generally forms three different zones
The deeper water of a lake makes up the profundal zone. There isnt enough light for photosynthesis in this zone, so most organisms here eat dead organisms that drift down from the water above. Organisms in the profundal zone may include clams, snails, and some species of fish. [SEP] There isnt enough light for photosynthesis in this zone , so most
The deeper water of a lake makes up the profundal zone. There isnt enough light for photosynthesis in this zone, so most organisms here eat dead organisms that drift down from the water above. Organisms in the profundal zone may include clams, snails, and some species of fish. [SEP] drift down from the water above .
Many nutrients enter the water from the land. Therefore, water nearer shore usually contains more dissolved nutrients than water farther from shore.  [SEP] Many nutrients enter the water from the land
Many nutrients enter the water from the land. Therefore, water nearer shore usually contains more dissolved nutrients than water farther from shore.  [SEP] water nearer shore usually contains more dissolved nutrients than water farther from shore .
Sublimation takes place when snow and ice on Earths surface change directly to water vapor without first melting to form liquid water. This also happens because of heat from the sun. Transpiration takes place when plants release water vapor through pores in their leaves called stomata. [SEP] This also happens
Sublimation takes place when snow and ice on Earths surface change directly to water vapor without first melting to form liquid water. This also happens because of heat from the sun. Transpiration takes place when plants release water vapor through pores in their leaves called stomata. [SEP] . Transpiration takes place when plants release water vapor through pores in their leaves called stomata
Most organisms contain a large amount of water, and many live in water. Therefore, the water cycle is essential to life on Earth. Water on Earth is billions of years old. [SEP] Most organisms contain a large amount of water , and many live in water
Most organisms contain a large amount of water, and many live in water. Therefore, the water cycle is essential to life on Earth. Water on Earth is billions of years old. [SEP] the water cycle is essential to life on Earth .
During the water cycle, water occurs in three different states: gas (water vapor), liquid (water), and solid (ice). Many processes are involved as water changes state to move through the cycle. Watch this video for an excellent visual introduction to the water cycle:  . [SEP] water changes state to move through the cycle .
During the water cycle, water occurs in three different states: gas (water vapor), liquid (water), and solid (ice). Many processes are involved as water changes state to move through the cycle. Watch this video for an excellent visual introduction to the water cycle:  . [SEP] Many processes are involved
Rising air currents carry water vapor into the atmosphere. As the water vapor rises in the atmosphere, it cools and condenses. Condensation is the process in which water vapor changes to tiny droplets of liquid water. [SEP] the water vapor rises in the atmosphere , it cools and condenses .
Rising air currents carry water vapor into the atmosphere. As the water vapor rises in the atmosphere, it cools and condenses. Condensation is the process in which water vapor changes to tiny droplets of liquid water. [SEP] Rising air currents carry water vapor into the atmosphere .
The water droplets may form clouds. If the droplets get big enough, they fall as precipitation. Precipitation is any form of water that falls from the atmosphere. [SEP] the droplets get big enough
The water droplets may form clouds. If the droplets get big enough, they fall as precipitation. Precipitation is any form of water that falls from the atmosphere. [SEP] they fall as precipitation .
Carbon can be stored in these reservoirs for millions of years. However, if fossil fuels are extracted and burned, the stored carbon enters the atmosphere as carbon dioxide. Natural processes, such as volcanic eruptions, can also release underground carbon from rocks into the atmosphere. [SEP] fossil fuels are extracted and burned
Carbon can be stored in these reservoirs for millions of years. However, if fossil fuels are extracted and burned, the stored carbon enters the atmosphere as carbon dioxide. Natural processes, such as volcanic eruptions, can also release underground carbon from rocks into the atmosphere. [SEP] the stored carbon enters the atmosphere as carbon dioxide .
Nitrogen and sulfur oxides come mainly from motor vehicle exhaust and coal burning. If acid rain falls into lakes, it lowers the pH of the water and may kill aquatic organisms. If it falls on the ground, it may damage soil and soil organisms. [SEP] acid rain falls into lakes
Nitrogen and sulfur oxides come mainly from motor vehicle exhaust and coal burning. If acid rain falls into lakes, it lowers the pH of the water and may kill aquatic organisms. If it falls on the ground, it may damage soil and soil organisms. [SEP] it lowers the pH of the water and may kill aquatic organisms .
If acid rain falls into lakes, it lowers the pH of the water and may kill aquatic organisms. If it falls on the ground, it may damage soil and soil organisms. If it falls on plants, it may make them sick or even kill them. [SEP] it falls on the ground
If acid rain falls into lakes, it lowers the pH of the water and may kill aquatic organisms. If it falls on the ground, it may damage soil and soil organisms. If it falls on plants, it may make them sick or even kill them. [SEP] it may damage soil and soil organisms .
If it falls on the ground, it may damage soil and soil organisms. If it falls on plants, it may make them sick or even kill them. Acid rain also damages stone buildings, bridges, and statues, like the one in Figure 25.1. [SEP] it falls on plants
If it falls on the ground, it may damage soil and soil organisms. If it falls on plants, it may make them sick or even kill them. Acid rain also damages stone buildings, bridges, and statues, like the one in Figure 25.1. [SEP] it may make them sick or even kill them .
 You may be able to avoid some of the health effects of outdoor air pollution by staying indoors on high-pollution days. However, some indoor air is just as polluted as outdoor air. [SEP] staying indoors on high-pollution days
 You may be able to avoid some of the health effects of outdoor air pollution by staying indoors on high-pollution days. However, some indoor air is just as polluted as outdoor air. [SEP] You may be able to avoid some of the health effects of outdoor air pollution
The natural greenhouse effect of Earths atmosphere keeps the planets temperature within a range that can support life. The rise in greenhouse gases due to human actions is too much of a good thing. It increases the greenhouse effect and causes Earths average temperature to rise. [SEP] human actions
The natural greenhouse effect of Earths atmosphere keeps the planets temperature within a range that can support life. The rise in greenhouse gases due to human actions is too much of a good thing. It increases the greenhouse effect and causes Earths average temperature to rise. [SEP] is too much of a good thing .
Steps home owners can take to improve indoor air quality include: keeping the home clean so it is as free as possible from dust, mold, and pet dander. choosing indoor furniture, flooring, and paints that are low in toxic compounds such as VOCs (volatile organic compounds). [SEP] Steps home owners can take to improve indoor air quality include : keeping the home clean
Steps home owners can take to improve indoor air quality include: keeping the home clean so it is as free as possible from dust, mold, and pet dander. choosing indoor furniture, flooring, and paints that are low in toxic compounds such as VOCs (volatile organic compounds). [SEP] it is as free as possible from dust , mold , and pet dander .
so it is as free as possible from dust, mold, and pet dander. choosing indoor furniture, flooring, and paints that are low in toxic compounds such as VOCs (volatile organic compounds). making sure that fuel-burning appliances are working correctly and venting properly. [SEP] choosing indoor furniture , flooring , and paints
so it is as free as possible from dust, mold, and pet dander. choosing indoor furniture, flooring, and paints that are low in toxic compounds such as VOCs (volatile organic compounds). making sure that fuel-burning appliances are working correctly and venting properly. [SEP] that are low in toxic compounds such as VOCs -LRB- volatile organic compounds -RRB- .
making sure that fuel-burning appliances are working correctly and venting properly. installing carbon monoxide alarms like the one in Figure 25.4 at every level of the home.  [SEP] installing carbon monoxide
making sure that fuel-burning appliances are working correctly and venting properly. installing carbon monoxide alarms like the one in Figure 25.4 at every level of the home.  [SEP] alarms like the one in Figure 25.4 at every level of the home .
Such pollution can make water dangerous for drinking or other uses. You can learn more about the problem of sewage contaminating the water in U.S. coastal communities by watching this video:   MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] watching this video
Such pollution can make water dangerous for drinking or other uses. You can learn more about the problem of sewage contaminating the water in U.S. coastal communities by watching this video:   MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] You can learn more about the problem of sewage contaminating the water in U.S. coastal communities
In poor nations, many people have no choice but to drink water from polluted sources. Drinking sewage-contaminated water causes waterborne diseases, due to pathogens such as protozoa, viruses, or bacteria. Most waterborne diseases cause diarrhea. [SEP] Drinking sewage-contaminated water
In poor nations, many people have no choice but to drink water from polluted sources. Drinking sewage-contaminated water causes waterborne diseases, due to pathogens such as protozoa, viruses, or bacteria. Most waterborne diseases cause diarrhea. [SEP] causes waterborne diseases , due to pathogens such as protozoa , viruses , or bacteria .
In poor nations, many people have no choice but to drink water from polluted sources. Drinking sewage-contaminated water causes waterborne diseases, due to pathogens such as protozoa, viruses, or bacteria. Most waterborne diseases cause diarrhea. [SEP] pathogens such as protozoa , viruses , or bacteria
In poor nations, many people have no choice but to drink water from polluted sources. Drinking sewage-contaminated water causes waterborne diseases, due to pathogens such as protozoa, viruses, or bacteria. Most waterborne diseases cause diarrhea. [SEP] causes waterborne diseases ,
 If heated water is released into a body of water, it may cause thermal pollution. Thermal pollution is a reduction in the quality of water because of an increase in water temperature. [SEP] heated water is released into a body of water
 If heated water is released into a body of water, it may cause thermal pollution. Thermal pollution is a reduction in the quality of water because of an increase in water temperature. [SEP] it may cause thermal pollution .
If heated water is released into a body of water, it may cause thermal pollution. Thermal pollution is a reduction in the quality of water because of an increase in water temperature. A common cause of thermal pollution is the use of water as a coolant by power plants and factories. [SEP] Thermal pollution is a reduction in the quality of water
If heated water is released into a body of water, it may cause thermal pollution. Thermal pollution is a reduction in the quality of water because of an increase in water temperature. A common cause of thermal pollution is the use of water as a coolant by power plants and factories. [SEP] . A common cause of thermal pollution is the use of water as a coolant by power plants and factories
This water is heated and then returned to the natural environment at a higher temperature. Warm water cant hold as much dissolved oxygen as cool water, so an increase in the temperature of water decreases the amount of oxygen it contains. Fish and other organisms adapted to a particular temperature range and oxygen concentration [SEP] Warm water cant hold as much dissolved oxygen as cool water
This water is heated and then returned to the natural environment at a higher temperature. Warm water cant hold as much dissolved oxygen as cool water, so an increase in the temperature of water decreases the amount of oxygen it contains. Fish and other organisms adapted to a particular temperature range and oxygen concentration [SEP] an increase in the temperature of water decreases the amount of oxygen it contains .
Eventually, the algae in an algal bloom die and decompose. Their decomposition uses up oxygen in the water so that the water becomes hypoxic (without oxygen). This has occurred in many bodies of fresh water and large areas of the ocean, creating dead zones. [SEP] Their decomposition uses up oxygen in the water
Eventually, the algae in an algal bloom die and decompose. Their decomposition uses up oxygen in the water so that the water becomes hypoxic (without oxygen). This has occurred in many bodies of fresh water and large areas of the ocean, creating dead zones. [SEP] the water becomes hypoxic -LRB- without oxygen -RRB- .
The burning of fossil fuels has increased the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. As a result, ocean water is also dissolving more carbon dioxide. When carbon dioxide dissolves in water, it forms a weak acid. [SEP] The burning of fossil fuels has increased the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere
The burning of fossil fuels has increased the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. As a result, ocean water is also dissolving more carbon dioxide. When carbon dioxide dissolves in water, it forms a weak acid. [SEP] ocean water is also dissolving more carbon dioxide .
One of the biggest causes is fertilizer in runoff. Runoff dissolves fertilizer as it flows over farm fields, lawns, and golf courses. It carries the dissolved fertilizer into bodies of water. [SEP] it flows over farm fields , lawns , and golf courses .
One of the biggest causes is fertilizer in runoff. Runoff dissolves fertilizer as it flows over farm fields, lawns, and golf courses. It carries the dissolved fertilizer into bodies of water. [SEP] Runoff dissolves fertilizer
Some of the items that can be recycled include: glass, paper, cardboard, plastic, aluminum, iron, steel, batteries, electronics, tires, and concrete. You can learn how some of these materials are recycled by watching this video:  . MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] watching this video
Some of the items that can be recycled include: glass, paper, cardboard, plastic, aluminum, iron, steel, batteries, electronics, tires, and concrete. You can learn how some of these materials are recycled by watching this video:  . MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] : .
Encourage your family to recycle if they dont already. Even if you dont have curbside recycling where you live, there are likely to be recycling drop boxes or centers available for recycling many items. If you have recycling bins at school, be sure to use them. [SEP] recycling many items
Encourage your family to recycle if they dont already. Even if you dont have curbside recycling where you live, there are likely to be recycling drop boxes or centers available for recycling many items. If you have recycling bins at school, be sure to use them. [SEP] Even if you dont have curbside recycling where you live , there are likely to be recycling drop boxes or centers available
Encourage your family to recycle if they dont already. Even if you dont have curbside recycling where you live, there are likely to be recycling drop boxes or centers available for recycling many items. If you have recycling bins at school, be sure to use them. [SEP] you dont have curbside recycling where you live
Encourage your family to recycle if they dont already. Even if you dont have curbside recycling where you live, there are likely to be recycling drop boxes or centers available for recycling many items. If you have recycling bins at school, be sure to use them. [SEP] there are likely to be recycling drop boxes or centers available
Items can be reused for the same purpose or for a different purpose. Generally, it takes less energy to reuse an item than to recycle it, so choose this option over recycling when you can. Here are some specific tips for reusing natural resources: Consider mending or repairing worn or broken items rather than throwing them out and replacing them. [SEP] Generally , it takes less energy to reuse an item than to recycle it
Items can be reused for the same purpose or for a different purpose. Generally, it takes less energy to reuse an item than to recycle it, so choose this option over recycling when you can. Here are some specific tips for reusing natural resources: Consider mending or repairing worn or broken items rather than throwing them out and replacing them. [SEP] choose this option over recycling when you can .
Generally, it takes less energy to reuse an item than to recycle it, so choose this option over recycling when you can. Here are some specific tips for reusing natural resources: Consider mending or repairing worn or broken items rather than throwing them out and replacing them. Shop with reuse in mind. [SEP] reusing natural resources : Consider mending or repairing worn or broken items rather than throwing them out and replacing them
Generally, it takes less energy to reuse an item than to recycle it, so choose this option over recycling when you can. Here are some specific tips for reusing natural resources: Consider mending or repairing worn or broken items rather than throwing them out and replacing them. Shop with reuse in mind. [SEP] Here are some specific tips
 Reducing the amount of natural resources you use is the best way to conserve resources. It takes energy to make new items, and even reusing or recycling items takes energy. [SEP] Reducing the amount of natural resources
 Reducing the amount of natural resources you use is the best way to conserve resources. It takes energy to make new items, and even reusing or recycling items takes energy. [SEP] you use is the best way to conserve resources .
Follow these tips to reduce your use of natural resources: Walk, bike, or use public transit instead of driving. If you must drive, a fuel-efficient vehicle will reduce energy use. Plan ahead to avoid making extra trips. [SEP] you must drive
Follow these tips to reduce your use of natural resources: Walk, bike, or use public transit instead of driving. If you must drive, a fuel-efficient vehicle will reduce energy use. Plan ahead to avoid making extra trips. [SEP] a fuel-efficient vehicle will reduce energy use .
There are three basic ways that all of us can conserve natural resources. They are referred to as the three Rs: reduce, reuse, and recycle.  [SEP] the three Rs : reduce , reuse ,
There are three basic ways that all of us can conserve natural resources. They are referred to as the three Rs: reduce, reuse, and recycle.  [SEP] They are referred to
There will never be a shortage of wind. Biomass energy is energy provided by burning or decomposing organic matter. For example, when garbage decomposes in a landfill, it releases methane gas. [SEP] burning or decomposing organic matter
There will never be a shortage of wind. Biomass energy is energy provided by burning or decomposing organic matter. For example, when garbage decomposes in a landfill, it releases methane gas. [SEP] Biomass energy is energy provided
Nonrenewable energy sources accounted for 83 percent of the total energy used. Fossil fuels and the uranium needed for nuclear power will soon be used up if we continue to consume them at these rates. Using fossil fuels and nuclear energy creates other problems as well. [SEP] we continue to consume them at these rates .
Nonrenewable energy sources accounted for 83 percent of the total energy used. Fossil fuels and the uranium needed for nuclear power will soon be used up if we continue to consume them at these rates. Using fossil fuels and nuclear energy creates other problems as well. [SEP] Fossil fuels and the uranium needed for nuclear power will soon be used up
Fossil fuels and the uranium needed for nuclear power will soon be used up if we continue to consume them at these rates. Using fossil fuels and nuclear energy creates other problems as well. The burning of fossil fuels releases carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. [SEP] Using fossil fuels
Fossil fuels and the uranium needed for nuclear power will soon be used up if we continue to consume them at these rates. Using fossil fuels and nuclear energy creates other problems as well. The burning of fossil fuels releases carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. [SEP] and nuclear energy creates other problems as well .
They are in no danger of being used up. Metals and some other minerals are considered renewable as well because they are not destroyed when they are used. Instead, they can be recycled and used over and over again. [SEP] they are not destroyed when they are used .
They are in no danger of being used up. Metals and some other minerals are considered renewable as well because they are not destroyed when they are used. Instead, they can be recycled and used over and over again. [SEP] Metals and some other minerals are considered renewable as well
Uranium is a naturally occurring chemical element that cant be remade. It will run out sooner or later if nuclear energy continues to be used. Soil is a very important natural resource. [SEP] nuclear energy continues to be used .
Uranium is a naturally occurring chemical element that cant be remade. It will run out sooner or later if nuclear energy continues to be used. Soil is a very important natural resource. [SEP] It will run out sooner or later
Theoretically, soil can be remade. However, it takes millions of years for soil to form, so from a human point of view, it is a nonrenewable resource. Soil can be misused and eroded (see Figure 25.9). [SEP] However , it takes millions of years for soil to form
Theoretically, soil can be remade. However, it takes millions of years for soil to form, so from a human point of view, it is a nonrenewable resource. Soil can be misused and eroded (see Figure 25.9). [SEP] from a human point of view , it is a nonrenewable resource .
Living things that make glucose are called autotrophs ("self feeders"). All other living things obtain glucose by eating autotrophs (or organisms that eat autotrophs). These living things are called heterotrophs ("other feeders"). [SEP] eating autotrophs -LRB- or organisms that eat autotrophs -RRB-
Living things that make glucose are called autotrophs ("self feeders"). All other living things obtain glucose by eating autotrophs (or organisms that eat autotrophs). These living things are called heterotrophs ("other feeders"). [SEP] other living things obtain glucose
In plants, most chloroplasts are found in the leaves. Therefore, all the raw materials needed for photosynthesis must be present in the leaves. These materials include light, water, and carbon dioxide. [SEP] In plants , most chloroplasts are found in the leaves
In plants, most chloroplasts are found in the leaves. Therefore, all the raw materials needed for photosynthesis must be present in the leaves. These materials include light, water, and carbon dioxide. [SEP] all the raw materials needed for photosynthesis must be present in the leaves .
The process in which glucose is made using energy in light is photosynthesis. This process requires carbon dioxide and water. It produces oxygen in addition to glucose. [SEP] carbon dioxide and water
The process in which glucose is made using energy in light is photosynthesis. This process requires carbon dioxide and water. It produces oxygen in addition to glucose. [SEP] The process in which glucose is made using energy in light is photosynthesis
The mitochondrion is a membrane-enclosed organelle in the cytoplasm. Its sometimes called the "powerhouse" of the cell because of its role in cellular respiration. Figure 4.12 shows the parts of the mitochondrion involved in cellular respiration. [SEP] Its sometimes called the `` powerhouse '' of the cell
The mitochondrion is a membrane-enclosed organelle in the cytoplasm. Its sometimes called the "powerhouse" of the cell because of its role in cellular respiration. Figure 4.12 shows the parts of the mitochondrion involved in cellular respiration. [SEP] . Figure 4.12 shows the parts of the mitochondrion involved in cellular respiration
Each ATP molecules forms when a phosphate is added to ADP, or adenosine diphosphate. This requires energy, which is stored in the ATP molecule. When cells need energy, a phosphate can be removed from ATP. [SEP] energy , which is stored in the ATP molecule
Each ATP molecules forms when a phosphate is added to ADP, or adenosine diphosphate. This requires energy, which is stored in the ATP molecule. When cells need energy, a phosphate can be removed from ATP. [SEP] Each ATP molecules forms when a phosphate is added to ADP , or adenosine diphosphate
In fact, during this stage, as many as 34 molecules of ATP are produced. Electron transport requires oxygen, so this stage is also aerobic. The oxygen combines with hydrogen from the energy-storing molecules. [SEP] Electron transport requires oxygen
In fact, during this stage, as many as 34 molecules of ATP are produced. Electron transport requires oxygen, so this stage is also aerobic. The oxygen combines with hydrogen from the energy-storing molecules. [SEP] this stage is also aerobic .
This occurs when the cells are working very hard. They use fermentation because they cant get oxygen fast enough for aerobic respiration to supply them with all the energy they need. The muscle cells of the hurdlers in Figure 4.15 are using lactic acid fermentation by the time the athletes reach finish line. [SEP] they cant get oxygen fast enough for aerobic respiration to supply them with all the energy they need .
This occurs when the cells are working very hard. They use fermentation because they cant get oxygen fast enough for aerobic respiration to supply them with all the energy they need. The muscle cells of the hurdlers in Figure 4.15 are using lactic acid fermentation by the time the athletes reach finish line. [SEP] They use fermentation
The big dog ate the red cat. If the second letter of big is deleted, then the sentence becomes: The bgd oga tet her edc at. [SEP] the second letter of big is deleted
The big dog ate the red cat. If the second letter of big is deleted, then the sentence becomes: The bgd oga tet her edc at. [SEP] the sentence becomes :
Some mutations occur when a mistake is made during DNA replication or transcription. Other mutations occur because of environmental factors. Anything in the environment that causes a mutation is known as a mutagen. [SEP] Other mutations occur
Some mutations occur when a mistake is made during DNA replication or transcription. Other mutations occur because of environmental factors. Anything in the environment that causes a mutation is known as a mutagen. [SEP] . Anything in the environment that causes a mutation is known as a mutagen
An example is a mutation that helps bacteria resist antibiotics. Bacteria with the mutation increase in numbers, so the mutation becomes more common. Other mutations are harmful. [SEP] Bacteria with the mutation increase in numbers
An example is a mutation that helps bacteria resist antibiotics. Bacteria with the mutation increase in numbers, so the mutation becomes more common. Other mutations are harmful. [SEP] the mutation becomes more common .
3. Using this strand of DNA as a template, nucleotides are joined together to make a complementary strand of mRNA. The mRNA contains bases that are complementary to the bases in the DNA strand. [SEP] Using this strand of DNA as a template
3. Using this strand of DNA as a template, nucleotides are joined together to make a complementary strand of mRNA. The mRNA contains bases that are complementary to the bases in the DNA strand. [SEP] nucleotides are joined together to make a complementary strand of mRNA .
 How is the information for making proteins encoded in DNA? The answer is the genetic code. [SEP] making proteins
 How is the information for making proteins encoded in DNA? The answer is the genetic code. [SEP] How is the information
The answer is the genetic code. The genetic code is based on the sequence of nitrogen bases in DNA. The four bases make up the letters of the code. [SEP] the sequence of nitrogen bases in DNA
The answer is the genetic code. The genetic code is based on the sequence of nitrogen bases in DNA. The four bases make up the letters of the code. [SEP] The genetic code
After an AUG start codon, the next three letters are read as the second codon. The next three letters after that are read as the third codon, and so on. You can see how this works in Figure 5.18. [SEP] The next three letters after that are read as the third codon
After an AUG start codon, the next three letters are read as the second codon. The next three letters after that are read as the third codon, and so on. You can see how this works in Figure 5.18. [SEP] on . You can see how this works in Figure 5.18
Each codon codes for just one amino acid (or start or stop). This is necessary so the correct amino acid is always selected. Most amino acids are encoded by more than one codon. [SEP] This is necessary
Each codon codes for just one amino acid (or start or stop). This is necessary so the correct amino acid is always selected. Most amino acids are encoded by more than one codon. [SEP] the correct amino acid is always selected .
This is helpful. It reduces the risk of the wrong amino acid being selected if there is a mistake in the code.  [SEP] there is a mistake in the code .
This is helpful. It reduces the risk of the wrong amino acid being selected if there is a mistake in the code.  [SEP] It reduces the risk of the wrong amino acid being selected
Darwin knew that people could breed plants and animals to have useful traits. By selecting which individuals were allowed to reproduce, they could change an organisms traits over several generations. Darwin called this type of change in organisms artificial selection. [SEP] selecting which individuals were allowed to reproduce
Darwin knew that people could breed plants and animals to have useful traits. By selecting which individuals were allowed to reproduce, they could change an organisms traits over several generations. Darwin called this type of change in organisms artificial selection. [SEP] , they could change an organisms traits over several generations .
When populations get too big, disease and famine occur. These calamities control population size by killing off the weakest people.  [SEP] killing off the weakest people
When populations get too big, disease and famine occur. These calamities control population size by killing off the weakest people.  [SEP] These calamities control population size
From Malthus, Darwin saw that populations could grow faster than their resources. This overproduction of offspring led to a struggle for existence, in Darwins words. In this struggle, only the fittest survive. [SEP] This overproduction of offspring
From Malthus, Darwin saw that populations could grow faster than their resources. This overproduction of offspring led to a struggle for existence, in Darwins words. In this struggle, only the fittest survive. [SEP] a struggle for existence
Evolution is a change in the inherited traits of organisms over time. Living things have changed as descendants diverged from common ancestors in the past. The other idea is that evolution occurs by natural selection. [SEP] descendants diverged from common ancestors
Evolution is a change in the inherited traits of organisms over time. Living things have changed as descendants diverged from common ancestors in the past. The other idea is that evolution occurs by natural selection. [SEP] Living things have changed
Natural selection is the process in which living things with beneficial traits produce more offspring. As a result, their traits increase in the population over time.  [SEP] Natural selection is the process in which living things with beneficial traits produce more offspring
Natural selection is the process in which living things with beneficial traits produce more offspring. As a result, their traits increase in the population over time.  [SEP] their traits increase in the population over time .
For example, finch number 1 in Figure 7.4 used its large, strong beak to crack open and eat big, tough seeds. Finch number 4 had a long, pointed beak that was ideal for eating insects. This seemed reasonable, but how had it come about? [SEP] eating insects
For example, finch number 1 in Figure 7.4 used its large, strong beak to crack open and eat big, tough seeds. Finch number 4 had a long, pointed beak that was ideal for eating insects. This seemed reasonable, but how had it come about? [SEP] Finch number 4 had a long , pointed beak that was ideal
This included plants, animals, rocks, and fossils. Darwin loved nature, so the job was ideal for him. During the long voyage, he made many observations that helped him form his theory of evolution. [SEP] Darwin loved nature
This included plants, animals, rocks, and fossils. Darwin loved nature, so the job was ideal for him. During the long voyage, he made many observations that helped him form his theory of evolution. [SEP] the job was ideal for him .
Each island had tortoises with a different shell shape. The local people even could tell which island a tortoise came from based on the shape of its shell. Darwin wondered how each island came to have its own type of tortoise. [SEP] the shape of its shell
Each island had tortoises with a different shell shape. The local people even could tell which island a tortoise came from based on the shape of its shell. Darwin wondered how each island came to have its own type of tortoise. [SEP] The local people even could tell which island a tortoise came from
In a distant ancestor, it was needed to digest food. If your appendix becomes infected, a surgeon can remove it. You wont miss it because it no longer has any purpose in the human body. [SEP] your appendix becomes infected
In a distant ancestor, it was needed to digest food. If your appendix becomes infected, a surgeon can remove it. You wont miss it because it no longer has any purpose in the human body. [SEP] a surgeon can remove it .
If your appendix becomes infected, a surgeon can remove it. You wont miss it because it no longer has any purpose in the human body.  [SEP] it no longer has any purpose in the human body .
If your appendix becomes infected, a surgeon can remove it. You wont miss it because it no longer has any purpose in the human body.  [SEP] You wont miss it
 Fossils are useful for reconstructing the past only if they can be dated. Scientists need to determine when the organisms lived who left behind the fossils. [SEP] reconstructing the past
 Fossils are useful for reconstructing the past only if they can be dated. Scientists need to determine when the organisms lived who left behind the fossils. [SEP] Fossils are useful
This gives the fossil an approximate age in years. Absolute dating is often based on the amount of carbon-14 or other radioactive element that remains in a fossil. You can learn how carbon-14 dating works by watching this short video: Relative dating determines which of two fossils is older or younger than the other but not their age in years. [SEP] the amount of carbon-14 or other radioactive element that remains in a fossil
This gives the fossil an approximate age in years. Absolute dating is often based on the amount of carbon-14 or other radioactive element that remains in a fossil. You can learn how carbon-14 dating works by watching this short video: Relative dating determines which of two fossils is older or younger than the other but not their age in years. [SEP] Absolute dating
Absolute dating is often based on the amount of carbon-14 or other radioactive element that remains in a fossil. You can learn how carbon-14 dating works by watching this short video: Relative dating determines which of two fossils is older or younger than the other but not their age in years. Relative dating is based on the positions of fossils in rock layers. [SEP] watching this short video
Absolute dating is often based on the amount of carbon-14 or other radioactive element that remains in a fossil. You can learn how carbon-14 dating works by watching this short video: Relative dating determines which of two fossils is older or younger than the other but not their age in years. Relative dating is based on the positions of fossils in rock layers. [SEP] : Relative dating determines which of two fossils is older or younger than the other but not their age in years .
You can learn how carbon-14 dating works by watching this short video: Relative dating determines which of two fossils is older or younger than the other but not their age in years. Relative dating is based on the positions of fossils in rock layers. Lower rock layers were laid down earlier, so they are assumed to contain older fossils. [SEP] the positions of fossils in rock layers
You can learn how carbon-14 dating works by watching this short video: Relative dating determines which of two fossils is older or younger than the other but not their age in years. Relative dating is based on the positions of fossils in rock layers. Lower rock layers were laid down earlier, so they are assumed to contain older fossils. [SEP] Relative dating
Relative dating is based on the positions of fossils in rock layers. Lower rock layers were laid down earlier, so they are assumed to contain older fossils. This is illustrated in Figure 7.9. [SEP] Lower rock layers were laid down earlier
Relative dating is based on the positions of fossils in rock layers. Lower rock layers were laid down earlier, so they are assumed to contain older fossils. This is illustrated in Figure 7.9. [SEP] they are assumed to contain older fossils .
The remains literally turn to stone. Remains are more likely to form fossils if they are covered quickly by sediments. Once in a while, remains are preserved almost unchanged. [SEP] they are covered quickly by sediments .
The remains literally turn to stone. Remains are more likely to form fossils if they are covered quickly by sediments. Once in a while, remains are preserved almost unchanged. [SEP] Remains are more likely to form fossils
 Scientists have learned a lot about evolution by comparing living organisms. They have compared body parts, embryos, and molecules such as DNA and proteins. [SEP] comparing living organisms
 Scientists have learned a lot about evolution by comparing living organisms. They have compared body parts, embryos, and molecules such as DNA and proteins. [SEP] Scientists have learned a lot about evolution
It became the ancestor of modern whales. In doing so, it lost its legs and became adapted to life in the water. In Figure 7.10 you can see an artists rendition of such a whale ancestor. [SEP] became the ancestor of modern whales . In doing
It became the ancestor of modern whales. In doing so, it lost its legs and became adapted to life in the water. In Figure 7.10 you can see an artists rendition of such a whale ancestor. [SEP] it lost its legs and became adapted to life in the water .
It had legs and could walk on land, but it was also a good swimmer. Watch this short video to learn more about the amazing story of whale evolution based on the fossils:  [SEP] the fossils
It had legs and could walk on land, but it was also a good swimmer. Watch this short video to learn more about the amazing story of whale evolution based on the fossils:  [SEP] Watch this short video to learn more about the amazing story of whale evolution
Scientists can compare the DNA or proteins of different species. If the molecules are similar, this shows that the species are related. The more similar the molecules are, the closer the relationship is likely to be. [SEP] the molecules are similar
Scientists can compare the DNA or proteins of different species. If the molecules are similar, this shows that the species are related. The more similar the molecules are, the closer the relationship is likely to be. [SEP] this shows that the species are related .
Over time, the mutations add up. The longer the amount of time since species diverged, the more differences there will be in their DNA or proteins. Table 7.1 compares the DNA of four different organisms with modern human DNA. [SEP] species diverged
Over time, the mutations add up. The longer the amount of time since species diverged, the more differences there will be in their DNA or proteins. Table 7.1 compares the DNA of four different organisms with modern human DNA. [SEP] the more differences there will be in their DNA or proteins .
They represent very early life stages of a chicken, turtle, pig, and human being. The embryos look so similar that its hard to tell them apart. Such similarities provide evidence that all four types of animals are related. [SEP] The embryos look so similar
They represent very early life stages of a chicken, turtle, pig, and human being. The embryos look so similar that its hard to tell them apart. Such similarities provide evidence that all four types of animals are related. [SEP] its hard to tell them apart .
They could eat seeds of all sizes. Therefore, there was more food available to them. Many of the small-beaked birds died in the drought. [SEP] They could eat seeds of all sizes
They could eat seeds of all sizes. Therefore, there was more food available to them. Many of the small-beaked birds died in the drought. [SEP] there was more food available to them .
Sometimes two species evolve the same traits. It happens because they live in similar habitats. This is called convergent evolution. [SEP] they live in similar habitats .
Sometimes two species evolve the same traits. It happens because they live in similar habitats. This is called convergent evolution. [SEP] It happens
What must happen for a new species to arise? Some members of an existing species must change so they can no produce fertile offspring with the rest of the species. Speciation often occurs when some members of a species break off from the rest. [SEP] Some members of an existing species must change
What must happen for a new species to arise? Some members of an existing species must change so they can no produce fertile offspring with the rest of the species. Speciation often occurs when some members of a species break off from the rest. [SEP] they can no produce fertile offspring with the rest of the species .
Alleles, in turn, are passed to gametes and then to offspring. Evolution occurs because of changes in alleles over time. How long a time? [SEP] changes in alleles over time
Alleles, in turn, are passed to gametes and then to offspring. Evolution occurs because of changes in alleles over time. How long a time? [SEP] Evolution occurs
The Grants observed evolution at this scale in populations of Darwins finches. Beak size in finch populations changed in just two years because of a serious drought. Evolution that occurs over a long period of time is called macroevolution. [SEP] Beak size in finch populations changed in just two years
The Grants observed evolution at this scale in populations of Darwins finches. Beak size in finch populations changed in just two years because of a serious drought. Evolution that occurs over a long period of time is called macroevolution. [SEP] . Evolution that occurs over a long period of time is called macroevolution
Darwin thought that evolution occurs very slowly. This is likely if conditions are stable. But what if conditions are changing rapidly? [SEP] conditions are stable .
Darwin thought that evolution occurs very slowly. This is likely if conditions are stable. But what if conditions are changing rapidly? [SEP] This is likely
For each gene, the gene pool has a total of 200 alleles (2 per individual x 100 individuals). The gene in question exists as two different alleles, A and a. The number of A alleles in the gene pool is 140. [SEP] two different alleles , A and a. The number of A alleles in the gene pool is 140
For each gene, the gene pool has a total of 200 alleles (2 per individual x 100 individuals). The gene in question exists as two different alleles, A and a. The number of A alleles in the gene pool is 140. [SEP] The gene in question exists
This is how all new alleles first arise. Its the ultimate source of new genetic variation, so it is essential for evolution. However, for any given gene, the chance of a mutation occurring is very small. [SEP] Its the ultimate source of new genetic variation
This is how all new alleles first arise. Its the ultimate source of new genetic variation, so it is essential for evolution. However, for any given gene, the chance of a mutation occurring is very small. [SEP] it is essential for evolution .
However, for any given gene, the chance of a mutation occurring is very small. Therefore, mutation alone does not have much effect on allele frequencies. Gene flow is the movement of genes into or out of a gene pool It occurs when individuals migrate into or out of the population. [SEP] However , for any given gene , the chance of a mutation occurring is very small
However, for any given gene, the chance of a mutation occurring is very small. Therefore, mutation alone does not have much effect on allele frequencies. Gene flow is the movement of genes into or out of a gene pool It occurs when individuals migrate into or out of the population. [SEP] mutation alone does not have much effect on allele frequencies .
The smaller the population is, the more allele frequencies may drift. Natural selection is a change in allele frequencies that occurs because some genotypes are more fit than others. Genotypes with greater fitness produce more offspring and pass more copies of their alleles to the next generation. [SEP] some genotypes are more fit than others .
The smaller the population is, the more allele frequencies may drift. Natural selection is a change in allele frequencies that occurs because some genotypes are more fit than others. Genotypes with greater fitness produce more offspring and pass more copies of their alleles to the next generation. [SEP] Natural selection is a change in allele frequencies that occurs
This is the force of evolution that Darwin identified. Figure 23.12 shows how Darwin thought natural selection led to variation in finches on the Galpagos Islands.  [SEP] natural selection
This is the force of evolution that Darwin identified. Figure 23.12 shows how Darwin thought natural selection led to variation in finches on the Galpagos Islands.  [SEP] variation in finches on the Galpagos Islands
They reached as far south as Chicago and New York City. Sea levels fell because so much water was frozen in glaciers. This exposed land bridges between continents. [SEP] Sea levels fell because
They reached as far south as Chicago and New York City. Sea levels fell because so much water was frozen in glaciers. This exposed land bridges between continents. [SEP] much water was frozen in glaciers .
The land bridges allowed land animals to move to new areas. Some mammals adapted to the cold by evolving very large size and thick fur. An example is the woolly mammoth, shown in Figure 7.25. [SEP] evolving very large size
The land bridges allowed land animals to move to new areas. Some mammals adapted to the cold by evolving very large size and thick fur. An example is the woolly mammoth, shown in Figure 7.25. [SEP] Some mammals adapted to the cold
After that, we were eyewitnesses to the story of life. As a result, the recent past is less of a mystery than the billions of years before it.  [SEP] that , we were eyewitnesses to the story of life . As
After that, we were eyewitnesses to the story of life. As a result, the recent past is less of a mystery than the billions of years before it.  [SEP] less of a mystery than the billions of years before it
Figure 7.20 shows one theory about the origin of organelles. According to this theory, a large cell engulfed small cells. The small cells took on special roles that helped the large cell function. [SEP] this theory
Figure 7.20 shows one theory about the origin of organelles. According to this theory, a large cell engulfed small cells. The small cells took on special roles that helped the large cell function. [SEP] a large cell engulfed small cells .
Gases from volcanoes formed an atmosphere, although it contained only a trace of oxygen. As the planet continued to cool, clouds formed and rain fell. Rainwater helped form oceans. [SEP] the planet continued to cool , clouds formed and rain
Gases from volcanoes formed an atmosphere, although it contained only a trace of oxygen. As the planet continued to cool, clouds formed and rain fell. Rainwater helped form oceans. [SEP] Gases from volcanoes formed an atmosphere , although it contained only a trace of oxygen .
It divides Earths history into eons, eras, and periods. These divisions are based on major changes in geology, climate, and the evolution of life. The geologic time scale organizes Earths history on the basis of important events instead of time alone. [SEP] major changes in geology , climate , and the evolution of life
It divides Earths history into eons, eras, and periods. These divisions are based on major changes in geology, climate, and the evolution of life. The geologic time scale organizes Earths history on the basis of important events instead of time alone. [SEP] These divisions
The Precambrian mass extinction opened up many niches for new organisms to fill. As a result, the Cambrian Period began with an explosion of new kinds of living things. For example, many types of simple animals called sponges evolved. [SEP] The Precambrian mass extinction opened up many niches for new organisms to fill
The Precambrian mass extinction opened up many niches for new organisms to fill. As a result, the Cambrian Period began with an explosion of new kinds of living things. For example, many types of simple animals called sponges evolved. [SEP] the Cambrian Period began with an explosion of new kinds of living things .
At this time, temperatures were extreme and the climate became very dry. As a result, plants and animals evolved ways to cope with dryness. For example, reptiles evolved leathery skin. [SEP] , temperatures were extreme and the climate became very dry
At this time, temperatures were extreme and the climate became very dry. As a result, plants and animals evolved ways to cope with dryness. For example, reptiles evolved leathery skin. [SEP] plants and animals evolved ways to cope with dryness .
Its not clear why it happened. One possible reason is that a very large meteorite struck Earth. Another possibility is the eruption of enormous volcanoes. [SEP] a very large meteorite struck Earth .
Its not clear why it happened. One possible reason is that a very large meteorite struck Earth. Another possibility is the eruption of enormous volcanoes. [SEP] Its not clear why it happened
 Bacteria in food or water usually can be killed by heating it to a high temperature. Generally, this temperature is at least 71 C (160 F). [SEP] heating it to a high temperature
 Bacteria in food or water usually can be killed by heating it to a high temperature. Generally, this temperature is at least 71 C (160 F). [SEP] Bacteria in food or water usually can be killed
These drugs kill bacteria and may quickly cure the disease. If youve ever had strep throat, you were probably prescribed an antibiotic to treat it. Some bacteria have developed antibiotic resistance. [SEP] youve ever had strep
These drugs kill bacteria and may quickly cure the disease. If youve ever had strep throat, you were probably prescribed an antibiotic to treat it. Some bacteria have developed antibiotic resistance. [SEP] you were probably prescribed an antibiotic to treat it .
Do you eat any of the fermented foods pictured in Figure 8.12? If so, you are eating bacteria and their wastes. Yum! [SEP] you eat any of the fermented foods pictured in Figure 8.12 ? If
Do you eat any of the fermented foods pictured in Figure 8.12? If so, you are eating bacteria and their wastes. Yum! [SEP] you are eating bacteria and their wastes .
This makes them easy to identify. Some stain purple and some stain red, as you can see in Figure 8.11. The two types differ in their outer layers. [SEP] you can see in Figure 8.11 .
This makes them easy to identify. Some stain purple and some stain red, as you can see in Figure 8.11. The two types differ in their outer layers. [SEP] This makes them easy to identify . Some stain purple and some stain red
Bacteria come in several different shapes. The different shapes can be seen by examining bacteria under a light microscope. Therefore, its relatively easy to classify them by shape. [SEP] examining bacteria under a light microscope
Bacteria come in several different shapes. The different shapes can be seen by examining bacteria under a light microscope. Therefore, its relatively easy to classify them by shape. [SEP] The different shapes can be seen
The different shapes can be seen by examining bacteria under a light microscope. Therefore, its relatively easy to classify them by shape. There are three types of bacteria based on shape: bacilli (bacillus, singular), or rod shaped. [SEP] The different shapes can be seen by examining bacteria under a light microscope
The different shapes can be seen by examining bacteria under a light microscope. Therefore, its relatively easy to classify them by shape. There are three types of bacteria based on shape: bacilli (bacillus, singular), or rod shaped. [SEP] its relatively easy to classify them by shape .
Therefore, its relatively easy to classify them by shape. There are three types of bacteria based on shape: bacilli (bacillus, singular), or rod shaped. cocci (coccus, singular), or sphere shaped. [SEP] shape
Therefore, its relatively easy to classify them by shape. There are three types of bacteria based on shape: bacilli (bacillus, singular), or rod shaped. cocci (coccus, singular), or sphere shaped. [SEP] There are three types of bacteria
Its estimated to be about 5 million trillion trillion. If you write that number in digits, it has 30 zeroes!  [SEP] you write that number in digits
Its estimated to be about 5 million trillion trillion. If you write that number in digits, it has 30 zeroes!  [SEP] it has 30 zeroes !
Their immune system also doesnt work as well as it used to. As a result, they have a harder time fighting diseases like the flu. The risk of developing diseases such as heart disease and cancer continues to rise. [SEP] Their immune system also doesnt work as well as it used to
Their immune system also doesnt work as well as it used to. As a result, they have a harder time fighting diseases like the flu. The risk of developing diseases such as heart disease and cancer continues to rise. [SEP] they have a harder time fighting diseases like the flu .
In arthritis, joints wear out and become stiff and painful. As many as one in four late adults may develop Alzheimers disease. In this disease, brain changes cause mental abilities to decrease. [SEP] many as one in four late adults may develop Alzheimers disease .
In arthritis, joints wear out and become stiff and painful. As many as one in four late adults may develop Alzheimers disease. In this disease, brain changes cause mental abilities to decrease. [SEP] In arthritis , joints wear out and become stiff and painful .
Then adopt a healthy lifestyle now and follow it for life. Doing so will increase your chances of staying healthy and active to an old age. Exercising the body and brain help prevent the physical and mental effects of aging. [SEP] adopt a healthy lifestyle now and follow it for life . Doing
Then adopt a healthy lifestyle now and follow it for life. Doing so will increase your chances of staying healthy and active to an old age. Exercising the body and brain help prevent the physical and mental effects of aging. [SEP] will increase your chances of staying healthy and active to an old age .
That depends. Most teens become physically mature by the age of 16 or so. But they are not adults in a legal sense until they are older. [SEP] Most teens become physically mature by the age of 16 or
That depends. Most teens become physically mature by the age of 16 or so. But they are not adults in a legal sense until they are older. [SEP] . But they are not adults in a legal sense until they are older
For example, in the U.S., you must be 18 to vote. Once adulthood begins, it can be divided into three stages: (1) early, (2) middle, and (3) late adulthood.  [SEP] adulthood begins
For example, in the U.S., you must be 18 to vote. Once adulthood begins, it can be divided into three stages: (1) early, (2) middle, and (3) late adulthood.  [SEP] it can be divided into three stages : -LRB- 1 -RRB- early , -LRB- 2 -RRB- middle , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- late
The oceans are the largest of all the ecosystems. They can be divided into four separate zones based on the amount of sunlight. Ocean zones are also divided based on their depth and their distance from land. [SEP] the amount of sunlight
The oceans are the largest of all the ecosystems. They can be divided into four separate zones based on the amount of sunlight. Ocean zones are also divided based on their depth and their distance from land. [SEP] They can be divided into four separate zones
They can be divided into four separate zones based on the amount of sunlight. Ocean zones are also divided based on their depth and their distance from land. Each zone has a great diversity of species. [SEP] their depth and their distance from land
They can be divided into four separate zones based on the amount of sunlight. Ocean zones are also divided based on their depth and their distance from land. Each zone has a great diversity of species. [SEP] Ocean zones are also divided
Recall that terrestrial biomes are defined by their climate. Thats because plants and animals are adapted for certain amounts of temperature and moisture. However, would aquatic biomes be classified in the same way? [SEP] plants and animals are adapted for certain amounts of temperature and moisture .
Recall that terrestrial biomes are defined by their climate. Thats because plants and animals are adapted for certain amounts of temperature and moisture. However, would aquatic biomes be classified in the same way? [SEP] biomes are defined by their climate . Thats
No, that wouldnt make much senseall parts of an aquatic environment have plenty of water. Aquatic biomes can be generally classified based on the amount of salt in the water. Freshwater biomes have less than 1% salt and are typical of ponds and lakes, streams and rivers, and wetlands. [SEP] the amount of salt in the water
No, that wouldnt make much senseall parts of an aquatic environment have plenty of water. Aquatic biomes can be generally classified based on the amount of salt in the water. Freshwater biomes have less than 1% salt and are typical of ponds and lakes, streams and rivers, and wetlands. [SEP] Aquatic biomes can be generally classified
Water near the surface of lakes and the ocean usually has more dissolved oxygen than does deeper water. This is because surface water absorbs oxygen from the air above it. 2. [SEP] surface water absorbs oxygen from the air above it .
Water near the surface of lakes and the ocean usually has more dissolved oxygen than does deeper water. This is because surface water absorbs oxygen from the air above it. 2. [SEP] Water near the surface of lakes and the ocean usually has more dissolved oxygen than does deeper water
Water near shore generally has more dissolved nutrients than water farther from shore. This is because most nutrients enter the water from land. They are carried by runoff, streams, and rivers that empty into a body of water. [SEP] most nutrients enter the water from land .
Water near shore generally has more dissolved nutrients than water farther from shore. This is because most nutrients enter the water from land. They are carried by runoff, streams, and rivers that empty into a body of water. [SEP] Water near shore generally has more dissolved nutrients than water farther from shore
 In large bodies of water, such as the ocean and lakes, the water can be divided into zones based on the amount of sunlight it receives: 1. The photic zone extends to a maximum depth of 200 meters (656 feet) below the surface of the water. [SEP] the amount of sunlight it receives : 1
 In large bodies of water, such as the ocean and lakes, the water can be divided into zones based on the amount of sunlight it receives: 1. The photic zone extends to a maximum depth of 200 meters (656 feet) below the surface of the water. [SEP] In large bodies of water , such as the ocean and lakes , the water can be divided into zones
This is where too little sunlight penetrates for photosyn- thesis to occur. As a result, producers must make "food" by chemosynthesis, or the food must drift down from the water above.  [SEP] This is where too little sunlight penetrates for photosyn - thesis to occur
This is where too little sunlight penetrates for photosyn- thesis to occur. As a result, producers must make "food" by chemosynthesis, or the food must drift down from the water above.  [SEP] producers must make `` food '' by chemosynthesis , or the food must drift down from the water above .
Many people are also allergic to poison ivy ( Figure 1.2). Skin contact with poison ivy leads to an itchy rash in people who are allergic to the plant. Ragweed is a common roadside weed found throughout the United States. [SEP] Skin contact with poison ivy
Many people are also allergic to poison ivy ( Figure 1.2). Skin contact with poison ivy leads to an itchy rash in people who are allergic to the plant. Ragweed is a common roadside weed found throughout the United States. [SEP] an itchy rash in people who are allergic to the plant
Sometimes, allergies cause severe symptoms, a condition known as anaphylaxis. For example, they may cause the throat to swell so it is hard to breathe. Severe allergies may be life threatening. [SEP] For example , they may cause the throat to swell
Sometimes, allergies cause severe symptoms, a condition known as anaphylaxis. For example, they may cause the throat to swell so it is hard to breathe. Severe allergies may be life threatening. [SEP] it is hard to breathe .
The bacteria in your digestive system are from anywhere between 300 and 1000 species. As these bacteria are helpful, your body does not attack them. They actually appear to the bodys immune system as cells of the digestive system, not foreign invaders. [SEP] these bacteria are helpful , your body does not attack them .
The bacteria in your digestive system are from anywhere between 300 and 1000 species. As these bacteria are helpful, your body does not attack them. They actually appear to the bodys immune system as cells of the digestive system, not foreign invaders. [SEP] The bacteria in your digestive system are from anywhere between 300 and 1000 species .
This disguises the bacteria and protects them from the immune system. As the bacteria that live in the human gut are beneficial to us, and as the bacteria enjoy a safe environment to live, the relationship that we have with these tiny organisms is described as mutualism, a type of symbiotic relationship. Lastly, keep in mind the small size of bacteria. [SEP] the bacteria that live in the human gut are beneficial to us , and as the bacteria
This disguises the bacteria and protects them from the immune system. As the bacteria that live in the human gut are beneficial to us, and as the bacteria enjoy a safe environment to live, the relationship that we have with these tiny organisms is described as mutualism, a type of symbiotic relationship. Lastly, keep in mind the small size of bacteria. [SEP] This disguises the bacteria and protects them from the immune system .
Meanwhile, the root provides nutrients to the bacteria. In this relationship, both the bacteria and the plant benefit, so it is known as a mutualism. Other mutualistic bacteria include gut microbes. [SEP] , both the bacteria and the plant benefit
Meanwhile, the root provides nutrients to the bacteria. In this relationship, both the bacteria and the plant benefit, so it is known as a mutualism. Other mutualistic bacteria include gut microbes. [SEP] it is known as a mutualism .
They are usually beneficial bacteria, needed by the host organism. These microbes obviously dont kill their host, as that would kill the bacteria as well.  [SEP] that would kill the bacteria as well .
They are usually beneficial bacteria, needed by the host organism. These microbes obviously dont kill their host, as that would kill the bacteria as well.  [SEP] These microbes obviously dont kill their host
 Bacteria known as decomposers break down wastes and dead organisms into smaller molecules. These bacteria use the organic substrates they break down to get their energy, carbon, and nutrients they need for survival. [SEP] decomposers break down wastes and dead organisms into smaller molecules .
 Bacteria known as decomposers break down wastes and dead organisms into smaller molecules. These bacteria use the organic substrates they break down to get their energy, carbon, and nutrients they need for survival. [SEP] Bacteria known
Bacteria can also be chemotrophs. Chemosynthetic bacteria, or chemotrophs, obtain energy by breaking down chemical compounds in their environment. An example of one of these chemicals broken down by bacteria is nitrogen-containing ammonia. [SEP] breaking down chemical compounds in their environment
Bacteria can also be chemotrophs. Chemosynthetic bacteria, or chemotrophs, obtain energy by breaking down chemical compounds in their environment. An example of one of these chemicals broken down by bacteria is nitrogen-containing ammonia. [SEP] Chemosynthetic bacteria , or chemotrophs , obtain energy
An example of one of these chemicals broken down by bacteria is nitrogen-containing ammonia. These bacteria are important because they help cycle nitrogen through the environ- ment for other living things to use. Nitrogen cannot be made by living organisms, so it must be continually recycled. [SEP] they help cycle nitrogen through the environ -
An example of one of these chemicals broken down by bacteria is nitrogen-containing ammonia. These bacteria are important because they help cycle nitrogen through the environ- ment for other living things to use. Nitrogen cannot be made by living organisms, so it must be continually recycled. [SEP] These bacteria are important
These bacteria are important because they help cycle nitrogen through the environ- ment for other living things to use. Nitrogen cannot be made by living organisms, so it must be continually recycled. Organisms need nitrogen to make organic compounds, such as DNA. [SEP] Nitrogen can not be made by living organisms
These bacteria are important because they help cycle nitrogen through the environ- ment for other living things to use. Nitrogen cannot be made by living organisms, so it must be continually recycled. Organisms need nitrogen to make organic compounds, such as DNA. [SEP] it must be continually recycled .
An example of photosynthetic bacteria is cyanobacteria, as seen in the opening image. These bacteria are sometimes called blue-green algae, although they are not algae, due to their numerous chlorophyll molecules.  [SEP] their numerous chlorophyll molecules
An example of photosynthetic bacteria is cyanobacteria, as seen in the opening image. These bacteria are sometimes called blue-green algae, although they are not algae, due to their numerous chlorophyll molecules.  [SEP] These bacteria are sometimes called blue-green algae , although they are not algae ,
This acid kills most pathogens that enter the stomach in food or water. Urine is also acidic, so few pathogens can grow in it. This is what the cilia lining the lungs look like when they are magnified. [SEP] Urine is also acidic
This acid kills most pathogens that enter the stomach in food or water. Urine is also acidic, so few pathogens can grow in it. This is what the cilia lining the lungs look like when they are magnified. [SEP] few pathogens can grow in it .
Pathogens must make it past this first line of defense to cause harm. If this defense is broken, the second line of defense within your body is activated. Your bodys first line of defense is like a castles moat and walls. [SEP] this defense is broken
Pathogens must make it past this first line of defense to cause harm. If this defense is broken, the second line of defense within your body is activated. Your bodys first line of defense is like a castles moat and walls. [SEP] the second line of defense within your body is activated .
The first line of defense includes different types of barriers. Being the "first line", it starts with the skin. The first line also includes tears, mucus, cilia, stomach acid, urine flow, and friendly bacteria. [SEP] Being the `` first line ''
The first line of defense includes different types of barriers. Being the "first line", it starts with the skin. The first line also includes tears, mucus, cilia, stomach acid, urine flow, and friendly bacteria. [SEP] it starts with the skin .
A person either has, or does not have, the Rh antigen on the surface of their RBCs. If they do have it, then the person is positive. If the person does not have the antigen, they are considered negative. [SEP] they do have it
A person either has, or does not have, the Rh antigen on the surface of their RBCs. If they do have it, then the person is positive. If the person does not have the antigen, they are considered negative. [SEP] then the person is positive .
If they do have it, then the person is positive. If the person does not have the antigen, they are considered negative.  [SEP] the person does not have the antigen
If they do have it, then the person is positive. If the person does not have the antigen, they are considered negative.  [SEP] they are considered negative .
Type O does not have either A or B antigens. The ABO blood group system is important if a person needs a blood transfusion. A blood transfusion is the process of putting blood or blood products from one person into the circulatory system of another person. [SEP] a person needs a blood transfusion .
Type O does not have either A or B antigens. The ABO blood group system is important if a person needs a blood transfusion. A blood transfusion is the process of putting blood or blood products from one person into the circulatory system of another person. [SEP] The ABO blood group system is important
The blood type of the recipient needs to be carefully matched to the blood type of the donor. Thats because different blood types have different types of antibodies, or proteins, released by the blood cells. Antibodies attack strange substances in the body. [SEP] different blood types have different types of antibodies
The blood type of the recipient needs to be carefully matched to the blood type of the donor. Thats because different blood types have different types of antibodies, or proteins, released by the blood cells. Antibodies attack strange substances in the body. [SEP] or proteins , released by the blood cells .
They produce anti-A and anti-B antibodies. This means, if a person with type O blood received type A blood, the anti-A antibodies in the persons blood would attack the A antigens on the RBCs in the donor blood ( Figure 1.1). The antibodies would cause the RBCs to clump together, and the clumps could block a blood vessel. [SEP] a person with type O blood received type A blood
They produce anti-A and anti-B antibodies. This means, if a person with type O blood received type A blood, the anti-A antibodies in the persons blood would attack the A antigens on the RBCs in the donor blood ( Figure 1.1). The antibodies would cause the RBCs to clump together, and the clumps could block a blood vessel. [SEP] the anti-A antibodies in the persons blood would attack the A antigens on the RBCs in the donor blood -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
This clumping of blood cells could cause death. A person with type O blood has A and B antibodies in his/her plasma; if the person was to get type A blood instead of type O, his/her A antibodies would attach to the antigens on the RBCs and cause them to clump together. [SEP] the person was to get type A blood instead of
This clumping of blood cells could cause death. A person with type O blood has A and B antibodies in his/her plasma; if the person was to get type A blood instead of type O, his/her A antibodies would attach to the antigens on the RBCs and cause them to clump together. [SEP] A person with type O blood has A and B antibodies in his/her plasma ;
O blood do not have any antigens on their RBCs. As a result, type O blood can be given to people with blood types A, B, or AB. [SEP] O blood do not have any antigens on their RBCs
O blood do not have any antigens on their RBCs. As a result, type O blood can be given to people with blood types A, B, or AB. [SEP] type O blood can be given to people with blood types
A, B, or AB. If there are no antigens on the RBCs, there cannot be an antibody reaction in the blood. People with type [SEP] there are no antigens on the RBCs
A, B, or AB. If there are no antigens on the RBCs, there cannot be an antibody reaction in the blood. People with type [SEP] there can not be an antibody reaction in the blood .
People with type AB blood can receive any ABO blood type. People with type AB blood are called universal recipients because they can receive any blood type. The antigens and antibodies that define blood type are listed as follows ( Table 1.1). [SEP] they can receive any blood type .
People with type AB blood can receive any ABO blood type. People with type AB blood are called universal recipients because they can receive any blood type. The antigens and antibodies that define blood type are listed as follows ( Table 1.1). [SEP] People with type AB blood are called universal recipients
Mutations are random errors in genes. Mutations that lead to cancer usually happen to genes that control the cell cycle. Because of the mutations, abnormal cells divide uncontrollably. [SEP] are random errors in genes . Mutations
Mutations are random errors in genes. Mutations that lead to cancer usually happen to genes that control the cell cycle. Because of the mutations, abnormal cells divide uncontrollably. [SEP] cancer
Mutations that lead to cancer usually happen to genes that control the cell cycle. Because of the mutations, abnormal cells divide uncontrollably. This often leads to the development of a tumor. [SEP] Mutations that lead to cancer usually happen to genes that control the cell cycle
Mutations that lead to cancer usually happen to genes that control the cell cycle. Because of the mutations, abnormal cells divide uncontrollably. This often leads to the development of a tumor. [SEP] , abnormal cells divide uncontrollably .
Because of the mutations, abnormal cells divide uncontrollably. This often leads to the development of a tumor. A tumor is a mass of abnormal tissue. [SEP] Because of the mutations , abnormal cells divide uncontrollably
Because of the mutations, abnormal cells divide uncontrollably. This often leads to the development of a tumor. A tumor is a mass of abnormal tissue. [SEP] the development of a tumor
A tumor is a mass of abnormal tissue. As a tumor grows, it may harm normal tissues around it. Anything that can cause cancer is called a carcinogen. [SEP] a tumor grows , it may harm normal tissues around it .
A tumor is a mass of abnormal tissue. As a tumor grows, it may harm normal tissues around it. Anything that can cause cancer is called a carcinogen. [SEP] A tumor is a mass of abnormal tissue .
 If leukemia is treated early, it usually can be cured. In fact, many cancers can be cured, which is known as remission, if treated early. [SEP] leukemia is treated early
 If leukemia is treated early, it usually can be cured. In fact, many cancers can be cured, which is known as remission, if treated early. [SEP] it usually can be cured .
The sooner cancer is treated, the greater the chances of a cure. This is why it is important to know the warning signs of cancer. Having warning signs does not mean that you have cancer. [SEP] The sooner cancer is treated , the greater the chances of a cure
The sooner cancer is treated, the greater the chances of a cure. This is why it is important to know the warning signs of cancer. Having warning signs does not mean that you have cancer. [SEP] it is important to know the warning signs of cancer .
Sometimes cancer cells break away from a tumor. If they enter the bloodstream, they are carried throughout the body. Then, the cells may start growing in other tissues. [SEP] they enter the bloodstream
Sometimes cancer cells break away from a tumor. If they enter the bloodstream, they are carried throughout the body. Then, the cells may start growing in other tissues. [SEP] they are carried throughout the body .
This is usually how cancer spreads from one part of the body to another. Once this happens, cancer is very hard to stop or control.  [SEP] this happens
This is usually how cancer spreads from one part of the body to another. Once this happens, cancer is very hard to stop or control.  [SEP] cancer is very hard to stop or control .
Atherosclerosis in the arteries of the brain can also lead to a stroke. A stroke is a loss of brain function due to a blockage of the blood supply to the brain. Risk factors for stroke include old age, high blood pressure, having a previous stroke, diabetes, high cholesterol, and smoking. [SEP] a blockage of the blood supply to the brain
Atherosclerosis in the arteries of the brain can also lead to a stroke. A stroke is a loss of brain function due to a blockage of the blood supply to the brain. Risk factors for stroke include old age, high blood pressure, having a previous stroke, diabetes, high cholesterol, and smoking. [SEP] A stroke is a loss of brain function
Most people with coronary heart disease often have no symptoms for many years until they have a heart attack. A heart attack happens when the blood cannot reach the heart because a blood vessel is blocked. If cardiac muscle is starved of oxygen for more than roughly five minutes, it will die. [SEP] a blood vessel is blocked .
Most people with coronary heart disease often have no symptoms for many years until they have a heart attack. A heart attack happens when the blood cannot reach the heart because a blood vessel is blocked. If cardiac muscle is starved of oxygen for more than roughly five minutes, it will die. [SEP] A heart attack happens when the blood can not reach the heart
A heart attack happens when the blood cannot reach the heart because a blood vessel is blocked. If cardiac muscle is starved of oxygen for more than roughly five minutes, it will die. Cardiac muscle cells cannot be replaced, so once they die, they are dead forever. [SEP] cardiac muscle is starved of oxygen for more than roughly five minutes
A heart attack happens when the blood cannot reach the heart because a blood vessel is blocked. If cardiac muscle is starved of oxygen for more than roughly five minutes, it will die. Cardiac muscle cells cannot be replaced, so once they die, they are dead forever. [SEP] it will die .
If cardiac muscle is starved of oxygen for more than roughly five minutes, it will die. Cardiac muscle cells cannot be replaced, so once they die, they are dead forever. Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death of adults in the United States. [SEP] Cardiac muscle cells can not be replaced
If cardiac muscle is starved of oxygen for more than roughly five minutes, it will die. Cardiac muscle cells cannot be replaced, so once they die, they are dead forever. Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death of adults in the United States. [SEP] once they die , they are dead forever .
If cardiac muscle is starved of oxygen for more than roughly five minutes, it will die. Cardiac muscle cells cannot be replaced, so once they die, they are dead forever. Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death of adults in the United States. [SEP] they die
If cardiac muscle is starved of oxygen for more than roughly five minutes, it will die. Cardiac muscle cells cannot be replaced, so once they die, they are dead forever. Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death of adults in the United States. [SEP] they are dead forever .
Plaque is made of cell pieces, fatty substances, calcium, and connective tissue that builds up around the area of inflammation. As a plaque grows, it stiffens and narrows the artery, which decreases the flow of blood through the artery. Atherosclerosis normally begins in late childhood and is typically found in most major arteries. [SEP] a plaque grows , it stiffens and narrows the artery , which decreases the flow of blood through the artery .
Plaque is made of cell pieces, fatty substances, calcium, and connective tissue that builds up around the area of inflammation. As a plaque grows, it stiffens and narrows the artery, which decreases the flow of blood through the artery. Atherosclerosis normally begins in late childhood and is typically found in most major arteries. [SEP] Plaque is made of cell pieces , fatty substances , calcium , and connective tissue that builds up around the area of inflammation .
A diet high in saturated fat and cholesterol can raise your cholesterol levels, which makes more plaque available to line artery walls and narrow your arteries. Cholesterol and saturated fats are found mostly in animal products such Atherosclerosis is sometimes referred to as hardening of the arteries; plaque build- up decreases the blood flow through the artery. as meat, eggs, milk, and other dairy products. [SEP] hardening of the arteries ; plaque build - up decreases the blood flow through the
A diet high in saturated fat and cholesterol can raise your cholesterol levels, which makes more plaque available to line artery walls and narrow your arteries. Cholesterol and saturated fats are found mostly in animal products such Atherosclerosis is sometimes referred to as hardening of the arteries; plaque build- up decreases the blood flow through the artery. as meat, eggs, milk, and other dairy products. [SEP] Cholesterol and saturated fats are found mostly in animal products such Atherosclerosis is sometimes referred to
Every cell in your body depends on your cardiovascular system. If your cells dont receive nutrients, they cannot survive. The main function of the cardiovascular system is to deliver oxygen to each of your cells. [SEP] your cells dont receive nutrients
Every cell in your body depends on your cardiovascular system. If your cells dont receive nutrients, they cannot survive. The main function of the cardiovascular system is to deliver oxygen to each of your cells. [SEP] they can not survive .
The oxygen then diffuses into your cells, and carbon dioxide, a waste product of cellular respiration, moves from your cells into your blood to be delivered back to your lungs and exhaled. Each cell in your body needs oxygen, as oxygen is used in cellular respiration to produce energy in the form of ATP. Without oxygen, lactic acid fermentation would occur in your cells, which can only be maintained for a brief period of time. [SEP] oxygen is used in cellular respiration to produce energy in the form of ATP .
The oxygen then diffuses into your cells, and carbon dioxide, a waste product of cellular respiration, moves from your cells into your blood to be delivered back to your lungs and exhaled. Each cell in your body needs oxygen, as oxygen is used in cellular respiration to produce energy in the form of ATP. Without oxygen, lactic acid fermentation would occur in your cells, which can only be maintained for a brief period of time. [SEP] Each cell in your body needs oxygen
The cardiovascular system also plays a role in maintaining body temperature. It helps to keep you warm by moving warm blood around your body. Your blood vessels also control your body temperature to keep you from getting too hot or too cold. [SEP] moving warm blood around your body
The cardiovascular system also plays a role in maintaining body temperature. It helps to keep you warm by moving warm blood around your body. Your blood vessels also control your body temperature to keep you from getting too hot or too cold. [SEP] It helps to keep you warm
Together with other substances, it can form plaque, and lead to atherosclerosis. If a clot forms and blocks a narrowed artery, a heart attack or stroke can result. Cholesterol comes from the food you eat as well as being made by the body. [SEP] a clot forms
Together with other substances, it can form plaque, and lead to atherosclerosis. If a clot forms and blocks a narrowed artery, a heart attack or stroke can result. Cholesterol comes from the food you eat as well as being made by the body. [SEP] a heart attack or stroke can result .
Obesity: Having a very high percentage of body fat, especially if the fat is mostly found in the upper body, rather than the hips and thighs, increases risk significantly. High blood pressure: If the heart and blood vessels have to work harder than normal, this puts the cardiovas- cular system under a strain. [SEP] Having a very high percentage of body fat
Obesity: Having a very high percentage of body fat, especially if the fat is mostly found in the upper body, rather than the hips and thighs, increases risk significantly. High blood pressure: If the heart and blood vessels have to work harder than normal, this puts the cardiovas- cular system under a strain. [SEP] especially if the fat is mostly found in the upper body , rather than the hips and thighs , increases risk significantly .
Obesity: Having a very high percentage of body fat, especially if the fat is mostly found in the upper body, rather than the hips and thighs, increases risk significantly. High blood pressure: If the heart and blood vessels have to work harder than normal, this puts the cardiovas- cular system under a strain. [SEP] the fat is mostly found in the upper body
Obesity: Having a very high percentage of body fat, especially if the fat is mostly found in the upper body, rather than the hips and thighs, increases risk significantly. High blood pressure: If the heart and blood vessels have to work harder than normal, this puts the cardiovas- cular system under a strain. [SEP] rather than the hips and thighs , increases risk significantly .
Having a very high percentage of body fat, especially if the fat is mostly found in the upper body, rather than the hips and thighs, increases risk significantly. High blood pressure: If the heart and blood vessels have to work harder than normal, this puts the cardiovas- cular system under a strain. Lack of physical activity: [SEP] the heart and blood vessels have to work harder than normal
Having a very high percentage of body fat, especially if the fat is mostly found in the upper body, rather than the hips and thighs, increases risk significantly. High blood pressure: If the heart and blood vessels have to work harder than normal, this puts the cardiovas- cular system under a strain. Lack of physical activity: [SEP] this puts the cardiovas - cular system under a strain .
Their activity at night. An elongated, toothed snout used for slashing the fish that they eat, as seen in sawsharks. Teeth used for grasping and crushing shellfish, a characteristic of bullhead sharks. [SEP] slashing the fish that they eat
Their activity at night. An elongated, toothed snout used for slashing the fish that they eat, as seen in sawsharks. Teeth used for grasping and crushing shellfish, a characteristic of bullhead sharks. [SEP] An elongated , toothed snout used
An elongated, toothed snout used for slashing the fish that they eat, as seen in sawsharks. Teeth used for grasping and crushing shellfish, a characteristic of bullhead sharks. A whisker-like organ named barbels that help sharks find food, a characteristic of carpet sharks. [SEP] grasping and crushing shellfish , a characteristic of bullhead sharks
An elongated, toothed snout used for slashing the fish that they eat, as seen in sawsharks. Teeth used for grasping and crushing shellfish, a characteristic of bullhead sharks. A whisker-like organ named barbels that help sharks find food, a characteristic of carpet sharks. [SEP] Teeth used
 Since they do not have bone marrow (as they have no bones), red blood cells are produced in the spleen, in special tissue around the reproductive organs, and in an organ called Leydigs organ, only found in cartilaginous fishes. The tough skin of this group of fish is covered with placoid scales, which are hard scales formed from modified teeth. [SEP] they do not have bone marrow -LRB- as they have no bones -RRB-
 Since they do not have bone marrow (as they have no bones), red blood cells are produced in the spleen, in special tissue around the reproductive organs, and in an organ called Leydigs organ, only found in cartilaginous fishes. The tough skin of this group of fish is covered with placoid scales, which are hard scales formed from modified teeth. [SEP] red blood cells are produced in the spleen , in special tissue around the reproductive organs , and in an organ called Leydigs organ , only found in cartilaginous fishes .
 Since they do not have bone marrow (as they have no bones), red blood cells are produced in the spleen, in special tissue around the reproductive organs, and in an organ called Leydigs organ, only found in cartilaginous fishes. The tough skin of this group of fish is covered with placoid scales, which are hard scales formed from modified teeth. [SEP] they have no bones
 Since they do not have bone marrow (as they have no bones), red blood cells are produced in the spleen, in special tissue around the reproductive organs, and in an organ called Leydigs organ, only found in cartilaginous fishes. The tough skin of this group of fish is covered with placoid scales, which are hard scales formed from modified teeth. [SEP] they do not have bone marrow -LRB-
The function of these scales is for protection against predators. The shape of sharks teeth differ according to their diet. Species that feed on mollusks and crustaceans have dense flattened teeth for crushing, those that feed on fish have needle-like teeth for gripping, and those that feed on larger prey, such as mammals, have pointed lower teeth for gripping and triangular upper teeth with serrated edges for cutting. [SEP] their diet
The function of these scales is for protection against predators. The shape of sharks teeth differ according to their diet. Species that feed on mollusks and crustaceans have dense flattened teeth for crushing, those that feed on fish have needle-like teeth for gripping, and those that feed on larger prey, such as mammals, have pointed lower teeth for gripping and triangular upper teeth with serrated edges for cutting. [SEP] The shape of sharks teeth differ
These fish evolved from the jawless fish. So why did fish eventually evolve to have jaws? Such an adaptation would allow fish to eat a much wider variety of food, including plants and other organisms. [SEP] These fish evolved from the jawless fish
These fish evolved from the jawless fish. So why did fish eventually evolve to have jaws? Such an adaptation would allow fish to eat a much wider variety of food, including plants and other organisms. [SEP] why did fish eventually evolve to have
When you need a quick boost of energy, you might reach for an apple or a candy bar. But cells do not "eat" apples or candy bars; these foods need to be broken down so that cells can use them. Through the process of cellular respiration, the energy in food is changed into energy that can be used by the bodys cells. [SEP] But cells do not `` eat '' apples or candy bars ; these foods need to be broken down
When you need a quick boost of energy, you might reach for an apple or a candy bar. But cells do not "eat" apples or candy bars; these foods need to be broken down so that cells can use them. Through the process of cellular respiration, the energy in food is changed into energy that can be used by the bodys cells. [SEP] cells can use them .
Did you know that the right hemisphere controls the left side of the body, and the left hemisphere controls the right side of the body? By connecting the two hemispheres, the corpus callosum allows this to happen. Each hemisphere of the cerebrum is divided into four parts, called lobes. [SEP] connecting the two hemispheres
Did you know that the right hemisphere controls the left side of the body, and the left hemisphere controls the right side of the body? By connecting the two hemispheres, the corpus callosum allows this to happen. Each hemisphere of the cerebrum is divided into four parts, called lobes. [SEP] , the corpus callosum allows this to happen .
 In 1869, a Russian scientist named Dmitri Mendeleev created the periodic table, which is a way of organizing elements according to their unique characteristics, like atomic number, density, boiling point, and other values ( Figure 1.2). Each element is represented by a one or two letter symbol. [SEP] their unique characteristics
 In 1869, a Russian scientist named Dmitri Mendeleev created the periodic table, which is a way of organizing elements according to their unique characteristics, like atomic number, density, boiling point, and other values ( Figure 1.2). Each element is represented by a one or two letter symbol. [SEP] In 1869 , a Russian scientist named Dmitri Mendeleev created the periodic table , which is a way of organizing elements
For example, H stands for hydrogen, and Au stands for gold. The vertical columns in the periodic table are known as groups, and elements in groups tend to have very similar properties. The table is also divided into rows, known as periods. [SEP] groups , and elements in groups tend to have very similar
For example, H stands for hydrogen, and Au stands for gold. The vertical columns in the periodic table are known as groups, and elements in groups tend to have very similar properties. The table is also divided into rows, known as periods. [SEP] The vertical columns in the periodic table are known
A carbon dioxide molecule is a combination of one carbon atom and two oxygen atoms, CO2 . Because carbon dioxide includes two different elements, it is a compound as well as a molecule. A compound is any combination of two or more different elements. [SEP] carbon dioxide includes two different elements
A carbon dioxide molecule is a combination of one carbon atom and two oxygen atoms, CO2 . Because carbon dioxide includes two different elements, it is a compound as well as a molecule. A compound is any combination of two or more different elements. [SEP] it is a compound as well as a molecule .
The molecules that come together to start a chemical reaction are the reactants. So hydrogen and oxygen are the reactants. The product is the end result of a reaction. [SEP] The molecules that come together to start a chemical reaction are the reactants
The molecules that come together to start a chemical reaction are the reactants. So hydrogen and oxygen are the reactants. The product is the end result of a reaction. [SEP] hydrogen and oxygen are the reactants .
It is some of these large compounds that come together to form the basis of the cell. So essentially, your cells are made out of compounds, which are made out of atoms.  [SEP] It is some of these large compounds that come together to form the basis of the cell
It is some of these large compounds that come together to form the basis of the cell. So essentially, your cells are made out of compounds, which are made out of atoms.  [SEP] essentially , your cells are made out of compounds , which are made out of atoms .
 If you pull a flower petal from a plant and break it in half, and then take that piece and break it in half again, and take the next piece and break it half, and so on, and so on, until you cannot even see the flower anymore, what do you think you will find? We know that the flower petal is made of cells, but what are cells made of? [SEP] If you pull a flower petal from a plant and break it in half , and then take that piece and break it in half again , and take the next piece and break it half
 If you pull a flower petal from a plant and break it in half, and then take that piece and break it in half again, and take the next piece and break it half, and so on, and so on, until you cannot even see the flower anymore, what do you think you will find? We know that the flower petal is made of cells, but what are cells made of? [SEP] on , and so on , until you can not even see the flower anymore , what do you think you will
 If you pull a flower petal from a plant and break it in half, and then take that piece and break it in half again, and take the next piece and break it half, and so on, and so on, until you cannot even see the flower anymore, what do you think you will find? We know that the flower petal is made of cells, but what are cells made of? [SEP] you pull a flower petal from a plant and break it in half , and
 If you pull a flower petal from a plant and break it in half, and then take that piece and break it in half again, and take the next piece and break it half, and so on, and so on, until you cannot even see the flower anymore, what do you think you will find? We know that the flower petal is made of cells, but what are cells made of? [SEP] take that piece and break it in half again , and take the next piece and break it half
Atoms are the building block of all of the elements that make up the matter in your body or any other living or non-living thing. Atoms are so small that only the most powerful microscopes can see them. Atoms themselves are composed of even smaller particles, including positively charged protons, uncharged neu- trons, and negatively charged electrons. [SEP] Atoms are so small
Atoms are the building block of all of the elements that make up the matter in your body or any other living or non-living thing. Atoms are so small that only the most powerful microscopes can see them. Atoms themselves are composed of even smaller particles, including positively charged protons, uncharged neu- trons, and negatively charged electrons. [SEP] only the most powerful microscopes can see them .
Chromosomal disorders also occur when part of a chromosome becomes damaged. For example, if a tiny portion of chromosome 5 is missing, the individual will have cri du chat (cats cry) syndrome. These individuals have misshapen facial features, and the infants cry resembles a cats cry. [SEP] a tiny portion of chromosome 5 is missing
Chromosomal disorders also occur when part of a chromosome becomes damaged. For example, if a tiny portion of chromosome 5 is missing, the individual will have cri du chat (cats cry) syndrome. These individuals have misshapen facial features, and the infants cry resembles a cats cry. [SEP] the individual will have cri du chat -LRB- cats cry -RRB- syndrome .
Cells of the lymphatic system produce two types of white blood cells, T cells and B cells, that are involved in fighting specific pathogens. Lymph nodes, which are scattered throughout the lymphatic system, act as filters or traps for foreign particles and are important in the proper functioning of the immune system. The role of the lymphatic system in the immune response is discussed in additional concepts. [SEP] filters or traps for foreign particles and are important in the proper functioning of the immune system .
Cells of the lymphatic system produce two types of white blood cells, T cells and B cells, that are involved in fighting specific pathogens. Lymph nodes, which are scattered throughout the lymphatic system, act as filters or traps for foreign particles and are important in the proper functioning of the immune system. The role of the lymphatic system in the immune response is discussed in additional concepts. [SEP] Lymph nodes , which are scattered throughout the lymphatic system , act
Photosynthesis and cellular respiration are connected through an important relationship. This relationship enables life to survive as we know it. The products of one process are the reactants of the other. [SEP] we know it .
Photosynthesis and cellular respiration are connected through an important relationship. This relationship enables life to survive as we know it. The products of one process are the reactants of the other. [SEP] This relationship enables life to survive
Diabetes is a non-infectious disease in which the body is unable to control the amount of sugar in the blood. People with diabetes have high blood sugar, either because their bodies do not produce enough insulin, or because their cells do not respond to insulin. Insulin is a hormone that helps cells take up sugar from the blood. [SEP] their bodies do not produce enough insulin
Diabetes is a non-infectious disease in which the body is unable to control the amount of sugar in the blood. People with diabetes have high blood sugar, either because their bodies do not produce enough insulin, or because their cells do not respond to insulin. Insulin is a hormone that helps cells take up sugar from the blood. [SEP] or because their cells do not respond to insulin .
The kidneys work hard to filter out and remove some of the extra sugar. This leads to frequent urination and excessive thirst. There are two main types of diabetes, type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes. [SEP] The kidneys work hard to filter out and remove some of the extra sugar
The kidneys work hard to filter out and remove some of the extra sugar. This leads to frequent urination and excessive thirst. There are two main types of diabetes, type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes. [SEP] frequent urination and excessive thirst
Type 2 diabetes usually develops in adulthood, but it is becoming more common in teens and children. This is because more young people are overweight, due to a high sugar and fat diet, now than ever before. Some cases of type 2 diabetes can be cured with weight loss. [SEP] more young people are overweight
Type 2 diabetes usually develops in adulthood, but it is becoming more common in teens and children. This is because more young people are overweight, due to a high sugar and fat diet, now than ever before. Some cases of type 2 diabetes can be cured with weight loss. [SEP] due to a high sugar and fat diet , now than ever before .
Type 1 diabetes occurs when the immune system attacks normal cells of the pancreas. Since the cells in the pancreas are damaged, the pancreas cannot make insulin. Type 1 diabetes usually develops in childhood or adolescence. [SEP] the cells in the pancreas are damaged
Type 1 diabetes occurs when the immune system attacks normal cells of the pancreas. Since the cells in the pancreas are damaged, the pancreas cannot make insulin. Type 1 diabetes usually develops in childhood or adolescence. [SEP] the pancreas can not make insulin .
There is no cure for type 1 diabetes. Therefore, insulin shots must be taken for life. Most people with this type of diabetes learn how to give themselves insulin shots. [SEP] There is no cure for type 1 diabetes
There is no cure for type 1 diabetes. Therefore, insulin shots must be taken for life. Most people with this type of diabetes learn how to give themselves insulin shots. [SEP] insulin shots must be taken for life .
Waste enters the large intestine from the small intestine in a liquid state. As the waste moves through the large intestine, excess water is absorbed from it. After the excess water is absorbed, the remaining solid waste is called feces. [SEP] the waste moves through the large intestine , excess water is absorbed from it .
Waste enters the large intestine from the small intestine in a liquid state. As the waste moves through the large intestine, excess water is absorbed from it. After the excess water is absorbed, the remaining solid waste is called feces. [SEP] Waste enters the large intestine from the small intestine in a liquid state .
Nutrients are absorbed into the blood through these tiny vessels. There are millions of villi, so, altogether, there is a very large area for absorption to take place. In fact, villi make the inner surface area of the small intestine 1,000 times larger than it would be without them. [SEP] There are millions of villi
Nutrients are absorbed into the blood through these tiny vessels. There are millions of villi, so, altogether, there is a very large area for absorption to take place. In fact, villi make the inner surface area of the small intestine 1,000 times larger than it would be without them. [SEP] altogether , there is a very large area for absorption to take place .
The small intestine is much longer than the large intestine. So why is it called small? If you compare small and large intestines ( Figure 1.1), you will see the small intestine is smaller in width than the large intestine. [SEP] The small intestine is much longer than the large intestine
The small intestine is much longer than the large intestine. So why is it called small? If you compare small and large intestines ( Figure 1.1), you will see the small intestine is smaller in width than the large intestine. [SEP] why is it called
So why is it called small? If you compare small and large intestines ( Figure 1.1), you will see the small intestine is smaller in width than the large intestine.  [SEP] you compare small and large intestines -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB-
So why is it called small? If you compare small and large intestines ( Figure 1.1), you will see the small intestine is smaller in width than the large intestine.  [SEP] you will see the small intestine is smaller in width than the large intestine .
This is called peristalsis. Once you start eating, saliva wets the food, which makes it easier to break up and swallow. Digestive enzymes, including the enzyme amylase, start breaking down starches into sugars. [SEP] you start eating
This is called peristalsis. Once you start eating, saliva wets the food, which makes it easier to break up and swallow. Digestive enzymes, including the enzyme amylase, start breaking down starches into sugars. [SEP] saliva wets the food , which makes it easier to break up and swallow .
Chewing is part of mechanical digestion. Your tongue pushes the food to the back of your mouth so you can swallow it. When you swallow, the lump of chewed food passes down your throat to your esophagus. [SEP] Your tongue pushes the food to the back of your mouth
Chewing is part of mechanical digestion. Your tongue pushes the food to the back of your mouth so you can swallow it. When you swallow, the lump of chewed food passes down your throat to your esophagus. [SEP] you can swallow it .
The esophagus is a narrow tube that carries food from the throat to the stomach. Food moves through the esophagus because of peristalsis. At the lower end of the esophagus, a circular muscle controls the opening to the stomach. [SEP] Food moves through the esophagus
The esophagus is a narrow tube that carries food from the throat to the stomach. Food moves through the esophagus because of peristalsis. At the lower end of the esophagus, a circular muscle controls the opening to the stomach. [SEP] . At the lower end of the esophagus , a circular muscle controls the opening to the stomach
If that were true, food would move through the esophagus only when you are sitting or standing upright. In fact, because of peristalsis, food can move through the esophagus no matter what position you are ineven upside down! Just dont try to swallow food when you are upside downyou could choke! [SEP] that were true , food would move through the esophagus only when you are sitting or standing upright . In fact
If that were true, food would move through the esophagus only when you are sitting or standing upright. In fact, because of peristalsis, food can move through the esophagus no matter what position you are ineven upside down! Just dont try to swallow food when you are upside downyou could choke! [SEP] , food can move through the esophagus no matter what position you are ineven upside down !
Encephalitis is a brain infection ( Figure 1.1). If you have encephalitis, you are likely to have a fever and headache or feel drowsy and confused. The disease is most often caused by viruses. [SEP] you have encephalitis
Encephalitis is a brain infection ( Figure 1.1). If you have encephalitis, you are likely to have a fever and headache or feel drowsy and confused. The disease is most often caused by viruses. [SEP] you are likely to have a fever and headache or feel drowsy and confused .
The disease is most often caused by viruses. The immune system tries to fight off a brain infection, just as it tries to fight off other infections. But sometimes this can do more harm than good. [SEP] it tries to fight off other infections .
The disease is most often caused by viruses. The immune system tries to fight off a brain infection, just as it tries to fight off other infections. But sometimes this can do more harm than good. [SEP] The immune system tries to fight off a brain infection , just
Meningitis is an infection of the membranes that cover the brain and spinal cord. If you have meningitis, you are likely to have a fever and a headache. Another telltale symptom is a stiff neck. [SEP] you have meningitis
Meningitis is an infection of the membranes that cover the brain and spinal cord. If you have meningitis, you are likely to have a fever and a headache. Another telltale symptom is a stiff neck. [SEP] you are likely to have a fever and a headache .
Products like cold medicines often contain aspirin. So, read labels carefully when taking any medicines ( Figure 1.3). Since 1988, the U.S. Food and Drug Ad- ministration has required that all aspirin and aspirin-containing products carry a warning about Reyes syndrome. [SEP] Products like cold medicines often contain aspirin
Products like cold medicines often contain aspirin. So, read labels carefully when taking any medicines ( Figure 1.3). Since 1988, the U.S. Food and Drug Ad- ministration has required that all aspirin and aspirin-containing products carry a warning about Reyes syndrome. [SEP] read labels carefully when taking any medicines -LRB- Figure 1.3 -RRB- .
So, read labels carefully when taking any medicines ( Figure 1.3). Since 1988, the U.S. Food and Drug Ad- ministration has required that all aspirin and aspirin-containing products carry a warning about Reyes syndrome.  [SEP] 1988 , the U.S. Food and Drug Ad - ministration has required that all aspirin and aspirin-containing products carry a warning about Reyes syndrome .
So, read labels carefully when taking any medicines ( Figure 1.3). Since 1988, the U.S. Food and Drug Ad- ministration has required that all aspirin and aspirin-containing products carry a warning about Reyes syndrome.  [SEP] So , read labels carefully when taking any medicines -LRB- Figure 1.3 -RRB- .
A headache is a very common nervous system problem. Headaches may be a symptom of serious diseases, but they are more commonly due to muscle tension. A tension headache occurs when muscles in the shoulders, neck, and head become too tense. [SEP] muscle tension
A headache is a very common nervous system problem. Headaches may be a symptom of serious diseases, but they are more commonly due to muscle tension. A tension headache occurs when muscles in the shoulders, neck, and head become too tense. [SEP] Headaches may be a symptom of serious diseases , but they are more commonly
When Erwin Chargaff looked closely at the bases in DNA, he noticed that the percentage of adenine (A) in the DNA always equaled the percentage of thymine (T), and the percentage of guanine (G) always equaled the percentage of cytosine (C). Watson and Cricks model explained this result by suggesting that A always pairs with T, and G always pairs with C in the DNA helix. Therefore A and T, and G and C, are "complementary bases," or bases that always pair together, known as a base-pair. [SEP] suggesting that A always pairs with T
When Erwin Chargaff looked closely at the bases in DNA, he noticed that the percentage of adenine (A) in the DNA always equaled the percentage of thymine (T), and the percentage of guanine (G) always equaled the percentage of cytosine (C). Watson and Cricks model explained this result by suggesting that A always pairs with T, and G always pairs with C in the DNA helix. Therefore A and T, and G and C, are "complementary bases," or bases that always pair together, known as a base-pair. [SEP] , and G always pairs with C in the DNA helix .
Watson and Cricks model explained this result by suggesting that A always pairs with T, and G always pairs with C in the DNA helix. Therefore A and T, and G and C, are "complementary bases," or bases that always pair together, known as a base-pair. The base-pairing rules state that A will always bind to T, and G will always bind to C (Figure 1.2). [SEP] Watson and Cricks model explained this result by suggesting that A always pairs with T , and G always pairs with C in the DNA helix
Watson and Cricks model explained this result by suggesting that A always pairs with T, and G always pairs with C in the DNA helix. Therefore A and T, and G and C, are "complementary bases," or bases that always pair together, known as a base-pair. The base-pairing rules state that A will always bind to T, and G will always bind to C (Figure 1.2). [SEP] A and T , and G and C , are `` complementary bases , '' or bases that always pair together , known as a base-pair .
The base-pairing rules state that A will always bind to T, and G will always bind to C (Figure 1.2). For example, if one DNA strand reads ATGCCAGT, the other strand will be made up of the complementary bases: TACGGTCA. Hydrogen bonds hold the complementary bases together, with two bonds forming between an A and a T, and three bonds between a G and a C. [SEP] one DNA strand reads ATGCCAGT
The base-pairing rules state that A will always bind to T, and G will always bind to C (Figure 1.2). For example, if one DNA strand reads ATGCCAGT, the other strand will be made up of the complementary bases: TACGGTCA. Hydrogen bonds hold the complementary bases together, with two bonds forming between an A and a T, and three bonds between a G and a C. [SEP] the other strand will be made up of the complementary bases : TACGGTCA .
It may seem strange that there are only four letters in the alphabet of DNA. But since your chromosomes contain millions of nucleotides, there are many, many different combinations possible with those four letters. But how do all these pieces fit together? [SEP] your chromosomes contain millions of nucleotides
It may seem strange that there are only four letters in the alphabet of DNA. But since your chromosomes contain millions of nucleotides, there are many, many different combinations possible with those four letters. But how do all these pieces fit together? [SEP] there are many , many different combinations possible with those four letters .
But how do all these pieces fit together? James Watson and Francis Crick won the Nobel Prize in 1962 for piecing together the structure of DNA. Together with the work of Rosalind Franklin and Maurice Wilkins, they determined that DNA is made of two strands of nucleotides formed into a double helix, or a two-stranded spiral, with the sugar and phosphate groups on the outside, and the paired bases connecting the two strands on the inside of the helix (Figure 1.1). [SEP] piecing together the structure of DNA
But how do all these pieces fit together? James Watson and Francis Crick won the Nobel Prize in 1962 for piecing together the structure of DNA. Together with the work of Rosalind Franklin and Maurice Wilkins, they determined that DNA is made of two strands of nucleotides formed into a double helix, or a two-stranded spiral, with the sugar and phosphate groups on the outside, and the paired bases connecting the two strands on the inside of the helix (Figure 1.1). [SEP] James Watson and Francis Crick won the Nobel Prize in 1962
DNA is an abbreviation for deoxyribonucleic acid. As you may recall, nucleic acids are a type of macromolecule that store information. The deoxyribo part of the name refers to the name of the sugar that is contained in DNA, deoxyribose. [SEP] you may recall , nucleic acids are a type of macromolecule that store information .
DNA is an abbreviation for deoxyribonucleic acid. As you may recall, nucleic acids are a type of macromolecule that store information. The deoxyribo part of the name refers to the name of the sugar that is contained in DNA, deoxyribose. [SEP] DNA is an abbreviation for deoxyribonucleic acid .
Active hunters, which are organisms that actively hunt their prey. Many sea stars are predators, feeding on mollusks like clams by prying apart their shells and actually placing their stomach inside the mollusk shell to digest the meat.  [SEP] prying apart their shells
Active hunters, which are organisms that actively hunt their prey. Many sea stars are predators, feeding on mollusks like clams by prying apart their shells and actually placing their stomach inside the mollusk shell to digest the meat.  [SEP] and actually placing their stomach inside the mollusk shell to digest the meat .
This network of fluid-filled tubes helps them to breathe, eat, and move. Therefore, they can function without gill slits. Echinoderms also have a very simple digestive system, circulatory system, and nervous system. [SEP] This network of fluid-filled tubes helps them to breathe , eat , and move
This network of fluid-filled tubes helps them to breathe, eat, and move. Therefore, they can function without gill slits. Echinoderms also have a very simple digestive system, circulatory system, and nervous system. [SEP] they can function without gill slits .
But echinoderms have no heart. This may be due to their simple radial symmetry - a heart is not needed to pump the freely moving fluid. The echinoderm nervous system is a nerve net, or interconnected neurons with no central brain. [SEP] their simple radial symmetry
But echinoderms have no heart. This may be due to their simple radial symmetry - a heart is not needed to pump the freely moving fluid. The echinoderm nervous system is a nerve net, or interconnected neurons with no central brain. [SEP] - a heart is not needed to pump the freely moving fluid .
In some cases, lost arms have been observed to regenerate a second complete sea star! Sea cucumbers often release parts of their internal organs if they perceive danger. The released organs and tissues are then quickly regenerated. [SEP] they perceive danger .
In some cases, lost arms have been observed to regenerate a second complete sea star! Sea cucumbers often release parts of their internal organs if they perceive danger. The released organs and tissues are then quickly regenerated. [SEP] Sea cucumbers often release parts of their internal organs
Ocean acidification occurs when excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere causes the oceans to become acidic. Burning fossil fuels has led to an increase in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. This carbon dioxide is then absorbed by the oceans, which lowers the pH of the water. [SEP] Burning fossil fuels
Ocean acidification occurs when excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere causes the oceans to become acidic. Burning fossil fuels has led to an increase in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. This carbon dioxide is then absorbed by the oceans, which lowers the pH of the water. [SEP] an increase in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere
It may also cause marine organisms to reproduce less, which could harm other organisms in the food chain. As a result, there also may be fewer marine organisms for humans to consume.  [SEP] It may also cause marine organisms to reproduce less , which could harm other organisms in the food chain
It may also cause marine organisms to reproduce less, which could harm other organisms in the food chain. As a result, there also may be fewer marine organisms for humans to consume.  [SEP] there also may be fewer marine organisms for humans to consume .
Through photosynthesis, they provide glucose for the ecosystem. So, can too much algae be a bad thing? Eutrophication is an over-enrichment of chemical nutrients in a body of water. [SEP] Through photosynthesis , they provide glucose for the ecosystem
Through photosynthesis, they provide glucose for the ecosystem. So, can too much algae be a bad thing? Eutrophication is an over-enrichment of chemical nutrients in a body of water. [SEP] can too much algae be a bad thing ?
When there are high levels of nutrients in the water, algae populations will grow large very quickly. This leads to overgrowths of algae called algal blooms. However, these algae do not live very long. [SEP] When there are high levels of nutrients in the water , algae populations will grow large very quickly
When there are high levels of nutrients in the water, algae populations will grow large very quickly. This leads to overgrowths of algae called algal blooms. However, these algae do not live very long. [SEP] overgrowths of algae called algal blooms
These toxins can enter shellfish. If humans eat these shellfish, then they can get very sick. These toxins cause neurological problems in humans. [SEP] humans eat these shellfish
These toxins can enter shellfish. If humans eat these shellfish, then they can get very sick. These toxins cause neurological problems in humans. [SEP] then they can get very sick .
Unsafe water supplies have drastic effects on human health. Waterborne diseases are diseases due to microscopic pathogens in fresh water. These diseases can be caused by protozoa, viruses, bacteria, and intestinal parasites. [SEP] microscopic pathogens in fresh water
Unsafe water supplies have drastic effects on human health. Waterborne diseases are diseases due to microscopic pathogens in fresh water. These diseases can be caused by protozoa, viruses, bacteria, and intestinal parasites. [SEP] Waterborne diseases are diseases
In many parts of the world there are no water treatment plants. If sewage or animal manure gets into a river, then people downstream will get sick when they drink the water. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), diarrheal disease is responsible for the deaths of 1.8 million people every year. [SEP] sewage or animal manure gets into a river
In many parts of the world there are no water treatment plants. If sewage or animal manure gets into a river, then people downstream will get sick when they drink the water. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), diarrheal disease is responsible for the deaths of 1.8 million people every year. [SEP] then people downstream will get sick when they drink the water .
If sewage or animal manure gets into a river, then people downstream will get sick when they drink the water. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), diarrheal disease is responsible for the deaths of 1.8 million people every year. It was estimated that 88% of the cases of diarrheal disease are caused by unsafe water supplies. [SEP] the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB-
If sewage or animal manure gets into a river, then people downstream will get sick when they drink the water. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), diarrheal disease is responsible for the deaths of 1.8 million people every year. It was estimated that 88% of the cases of diarrheal disease are caused by unsafe water supplies. [SEP] diarrheal disease is responsible for the deaths of 1.8 million people every year .
Water pollutants can have an effect on both the ecology of ecosystems and on humans. As a result of water pollution, humans may not be able to use a waterway for recreation and fishing. Drinking water can also be affected if a toxin enters the groundwater. [SEP] water pollution
Water pollutants can have an effect on both the ecology of ecosystems and on humans. As a result of water pollution, humans may not be able to use a waterway for recreation and fishing. Drinking water can also be affected if a toxin enters the groundwater. [SEP] humans may not be able to use a waterway for recreation and fishing .
As a result of water pollution, humans may not be able to use a waterway for recreation and fishing. Drinking water can also be affected if a toxin enters the groundwater.  [SEP] a toxin enters the groundwater .
As a result of water pollution, humans may not be able to use a waterway for recreation and fishing. Drinking water can also be affected if a toxin enters the groundwater.  [SEP] Drinking water can also be affected
But how much of that energy is transferred to the herbivore? Remember that plants are producers, bringing the energy into the ecosystem by converting sunlight into glucose. Does the plant use some of the energy for its own needs? [SEP] converting sunlight into glucose
But how much of that energy is transferred to the herbivore? Remember that plants are producers, bringing the energy into the ecosystem by converting sunlight into glucose. Does the plant use some of the energy for its own needs? [SEP] plants are producers , bringing the energy into the ecosystem
Recall the energy is the ability to do work, and the plant has plenty or "work" to do. So of course it needs and uses energy. It converts the glucose it makes into ATP through cellular respiration just like other organisms. [SEP] Recall the energy is the ability to do work , and the plant has plenty or `` work '' to do
Recall the energy is the ability to do work, and the plant has plenty or "work" to do. So of course it needs and uses energy. It converts the glucose it makes into ATP through cellular respiration just like other organisms. [SEP] of course it needs and uses energy .
The next consumer on the food chain that eats the herbivore will only store about 10% of the total energy from the herbivore in its own body. This means the carnivore will store only about 1% of the total energy that was originally in the plant. In other words, only about 10% of energy of one step in a food chain is stored in the next step in the food chain. [SEP] The next consumer on the food chain that eats the herbivore will only store about 10 % of the total energy from the herbivore in its own body
The next consumer on the food chain that eats the herbivore will only store about 10% of the total energy from the herbivore in its own body. This means the carnivore will store only about 1% of the total energy that was originally in the plant. In other words, only about 10% of energy of one step in a food chain is stored in the next step in the food chain. [SEP] the carnivore
An example of an energy pyramid is pictured below ( Figure 1.1). Since there is energy loss at each step in a food chain, it takes many producers to support just a few carnivores in a community. Each step of the food chain in the energy pyramid is called a trophic level. [SEP] there is energy loss at each step in a food chain
An example of an energy pyramid is pictured below ( Figure 1.1). Since there is energy loss at each step in a food chain, it takes many producers to support just a few carnivores in a community. Each step of the food chain in the energy pyramid is called a trophic level. [SEP] it takes many producers to support just a few carnivores in a community .
The energy pyramid ( Figure 1.1) shows four levels of a food chain, from producers to carnivores. Because of the high rate of energy loss in food chains, there are usually only 4 or 5 trophic levels in the food chain or energy pyramid. There just is not enough energy to support any additional trophic levels. [SEP] The energy pyramid -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- shows four levels of a food chain , from producers to carnivores
The energy pyramid ( Figure 1.1) shows four levels of a food chain, from producers to carnivores. Because of the high rate of energy loss in food chains, there are usually only 4 or 5 trophic levels in the food chain or energy pyramid. There just is not enough energy to support any additional trophic levels. [SEP] , there are usually only 4 or 5 trophic levels in the food chain or energy pyramid .
 If you are a typical teenager, you like to eat. For your body to break down, absorb and spread the nutrients from your food throughout your body, your digestive system and endocrine system need to work together. [SEP] you are a typical teenager
 If you are a typical teenager, you like to eat. For your body to break down, absorb and spread the nutrients from your food throughout your body, your digestive system and endocrine system need to work together. [SEP] you like to eat .
You could tighten a bolt with your fingers, but it would be difficult and slow. If you use a wrench, you can tighten a bolt much more easily and quickly. Enzymes are like wrenches. [SEP] you use a wrench
You could tighten a bolt with your fingers, but it would be difficult and slow. If you use a wrench, you can tighten a bolt much more easily and quickly. Enzymes are like wrenches. [SEP] you can tighten a bolt much more easily and quickly .
For many traits, the homozygous genotype, AA, for example, has the same phenotype as the heterozygous Aa genotype. If both an AA and Aa individual have the same phenotype, the environment cannot distinguish between them. So natural selection cannot select for a homozygous individual over a heterozygous individual. [SEP] both an AA and Aa individual have the same phenotype
For many traits, the homozygous genotype, AA, for example, has the same phenotype as the heterozygous Aa genotype. If both an AA and Aa individual have the same phenotype, the environment cannot distinguish between them. So natural selection cannot select for a homozygous individual over a heterozygous individual. [SEP] the environment can not distinguish between them .
If both an AA and Aa individual have the same phenotype, the environment cannot distinguish between them. So natural selection cannot select for a homozygous individual over a heterozygous individual. Even if the "aa" phenotype is lethal, the recessive a allele, will be maintained in the population through heterozygous Aa individuals. [SEP] If both an AA and Aa individual have the same phenotype , the environment can not distinguish between them
If both an AA and Aa individual have the same phenotype, the environment cannot distinguish between them. So natural selection cannot select for a homozygous individual over a heterozygous individual. Even if the "aa" phenotype is lethal, the recessive a allele, will be maintained in the population through heterozygous Aa individuals. [SEP] natural selection can not select for a homozygous individual over a heterozygous individual .
So natural selection cannot select for a homozygous individual over a heterozygous individual. Even if the "aa" phenotype is lethal, the recessive a allele, will be maintained in the population through heterozygous Aa individuals. Furthermore, the mating of two heterozygous individuals can produce homozygous recessive (aa) individuals. [SEP] the `` aa '' phenotype is lethal
So natural selection cannot select for a homozygous individual over a heterozygous individual. Even if the "aa" phenotype is lethal, the recessive a allele, will be maintained in the population through heterozygous Aa individuals. Furthermore, the mating of two heterozygous individuals can produce homozygous recessive (aa) individuals. [SEP] the recessive a allele , will be maintained in the population through heterozygous Aa individuals .
 Since natural selection acts on the phenotype, if an allele causes death in a homozygous individual, aa, for example, it will not cause death in a heterozygous Aa individual. These heterozygous Aa individuals will then act as carriers of the a allele, meaning that the a allele could be passed down to offspring. [SEP] an allele causes death in a homozygous individual
 Since natural selection acts on the phenotype, if an allele causes death in a homozygous individual, aa, for example, it will not cause death in a heterozygous Aa individual. These heterozygous Aa individuals will then act as carriers of the a allele, meaning that the a allele could be passed down to offspring. [SEP] aa , for example , it will not cause death in a heterozygous Aa individual .
Since natural selection acts on the phenotype, if an allele causes death in a homozygous individual, aa, for example, it will not cause death in a heterozygous Aa individual. These heterozygous Aa individuals will then act as carriers of the a allele, meaning that the a allele could be passed down to offspring. People who are carriers do not express the recessive phenotype, as they have a dominant allele. [SEP] carriers of the a allele , meaning that the a allele could be passed down to offspring .
Since natural selection acts on the phenotype, if an allele causes death in a homozygous individual, aa, for example, it will not cause death in a heterozygous Aa individual. These heterozygous Aa individuals will then act as carriers of the a allele, meaning that the a allele could be passed down to offspring. People who are carriers do not express the recessive phenotype, as they have a dominant allele. [SEP] These heterozygous Aa individuals will then act
These heterozygous Aa individuals will then act as carriers of the a allele, meaning that the a allele could be passed down to offspring. People who are carriers do not express the recessive phenotype, as they have a dominant allele. This allele is said to be kept in the populations gene pool. [SEP] they have a dominant allele .
These heterozygous Aa individuals will then act as carriers of the a allele, meaning that the a allele could be passed down to offspring. People who are carriers do not express the recessive phenotype, as they have a dominant allele. This allele is said to be kept in the populations gene pool. [SEP] People who are carriers do not express the recessive phenotype
For example, Tay-Sachs disease is a recessive human genetic disorder. That means only individuals with the homozygous recessive genotype, rr will be affected. Affected individuals usually die from complications of the disease in early childhood, at an age too young to reproduce. [SEP] For example , Tay-Sachs disease is a recessive human genetic disorder
For example, Tay-Sachs disease is a recessive human genetic disorder. That means only individuals with the homozygous recessive genotype, rr will be affected. Affected individuals usually die from complications of the disease in early childhood, at an age too young to reproduce. [SEP] only individuals with the homozygous recessive genotype
This deadly allele is kept in the gene pool even though it does not help humans adapt to their environment. This happens because evolution acts on the phenotype, not the genotype ( Figure 1.1). Tay-Sachs disease is inherited in the au- tosomal recessive pattern. [SEP] evolution acts on the phenotype , not the genotype -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
This deadly allele is kept in the gene pool even though it does not help humans adapt to their environment. This happens because evolution acts on the phenotype, not the genotype ( Figure 1.1). Tay-Sachs disease is inherited in the au- tosomal recessive pattern. [SEP] This happens
That is the role of the kidneys. Urine is a liquid waste formed by the kidneys as they filter the blood. If you are getting plenty of fluids, your urine should be almost clear. [SEP] they filter the blood .
That is the role of the kidneys. Urine is a liquid waste formed by the kidneys as they filter the blood. If you are getting plenty of fluids, your urine should be almost clear. [SEP] Urine is a liquid waste formed by the kidneys
Urine is a liquid waste formed by the kidneys as they filter the blood. If you are getting plenty of fluids, your urine should be almost clear. But you might have noticed that sometimes your urine is darker than usual. [SEP] you are getting plenty of fluids
Urine is a liquid waste formed by the kidneys as they filter the blood. If you are getting plenty of fluids, your urine should be almost clear. But you might have noticed that sometimes your urine is darker than usual. [SEP] your urine should be almost clear .
Sometimes your body is low on water and trying to reduce the amount of water lost in urine. Therefore, your urine gets darker than usual. Your body is striving to maintain homeostasis through the process of excretion. [SEP] Sometimes your body is low on water and trying to reduce the amount of water lost in urine
Sometimes your body is low on water and trying to reduce the amount of water lost in urine. Therefore, your urine gets darker than usual. Your body is striving to maintain homeostasis through the process of excretion. [SEP] your urine gets darker than usual .
Your body also needs to remove the wastes that build up from cell activity and from digestion. If these wastes are not removed, your cells can stop working, and you can get very sick. The organs of your excretory system help to release wastes from the body. [SEP] these wastes are not removed
Your body also needs to remove the wastes that build up from cell activity and from digestion. If these wastes are not removed, your cells can stop working, and you can get very sick. The organs of your excretory system help to release wastes from the body. [SEP] your cells can stop working , and
For example, your lungs are part of the respiratory system. Your lungs remove carbon dioxide from your body, so they are also part of the excretory system. More organs of the excretory system are listed below ( Table 1.1). [SEP] Your lungs remove carbon dioxide from your body
For example, your lungs are part of the respiratory system. Your lungs remove carbon dioxide from your body, so they are also part of the excretory system. More organs of the excretory system are listed below ( Table 1.1). [SEP] they are also part of the excretory system .
What are the symptoms of kidney stones? You may have a kidney stone if you have pain while urinating, see blood in your urine, and/or feel a sharp pain in your back or lower abdomen (the area between your chest and hips). The pain may last for a long or short time. [SEP] you have pain while urinating , see blood in your urine , and/or feel a sharp pain in your back or lower abdomen -LRB- the area between your chest and hips -RRB- .
What are the symptoms of kidney stones? You may have a kidney stone if you have pain while urinating, see blood in your urine, and/or feel a sharp pain in your back or lower abdomen (the area between your chest and hips). The pain may last for a long or short time. [SEP] You may have a kidney stone
You may also have nausea and vomiting with the pain. If you have a small stone that passes on its own easily, you may not experience any symptoms. If you have some of these symptoms, you should see your doctor. [SEP] you have a small stone that passes on its own easily
You may also have nausea and vomiting with the pain. If you have a small stone that passes on its own easily, you may not experience any symptoms. If you have some of these symptoms, you should see your doctor. [SEP] you may not experience any symptoms .
If you have a small stone that passes on its own easily, you may not experience any symptoms. If you have some of these symptoms, you should see your doctor. A kidney stone. [SEP] you have some of these symptoms
If you have a small stone that passes on its own easily, you may not experience any symptoms. If you have some of these symptoms, you should see your doctor. A kidney stone. [SEP] you should see your doctor .
Kidney failure happens when the kidneys cannot remove wastes from the blood. If the kidneys are unable to filter wastes from the blood, the wastes build up in the body. Kidney failure can be caused by an accident that injures the kidneys, the loss of a lot of blood, or by some drugs and poisons. [SEP] the kidneys are unable to filter wastes from the blood
Kidney failure happens when the kidneys cannot remove wastes from the blood. If the kidneys are unable to filter wastes from the blood, the wastes build up in the body. Kidney failure can be caused by an accident that injures the kidneys, the loss of a lot of blood, or by some drugs and poisons. [SEP] the wastes build up in the body .
Kidney failure can be caused by an accident that injures the kidneys, the loss of a lot of blood, or by some drugs and poisons. Kidney failure may lead to permanent loss of kidney function. But if the kidneys are not seriously damaged, they may recover. [SEP] Kidney failure
Kidney failure can be caused by an accident that injures the kidneys, the loss of a lot of blood, or by some drugs and poisons. Kidney failure may lead to permanent loss of kidney function. But if the kidneys are not seriously damaged, they may recover. [SEP] permanent loss of kidney function
Kidney failure may lead to permanent loss of kidney function. But if the kidneys are not seriously damaged, they may recover. Chronic kidney disease is the slow decrease in kidney function that may lead to permanent kidney failure. [SEP] the kidneys are not seriously damaged
Kidney failure may lead to permanent loss of kidney function. But if the kidneys are not seriously damaged, they may recover. Chronic kidney disease is the slow decrease in kidney function that may lead to permanent kidney failure. [SEP] they may recover .
But if the kidneys are not seriously damaged, they may recover. Chronic kidney disease is the slow decrease in kidney function that may lead to permanent kidney failure. A person who has lost kidney function may need to get kidney dialysis. [SEP] Chronic kidney disease is the slow decrease in kidney function
But if the kidneys are not seriously damaged, they may recover. Chronic kidney disease is the slow decrease in kidney function that may lead to permanent kidney failure. A person who has lost kidney function may need to get kidney dialysis. [SEP] permanent kidney failure
Kidney dialysis is the process of filtering the blood of wastes using a machine. A dialysis machine ( Figure 1.2) filters waste from the blood by pumping the blood through a fake kidney. The filtered blood is then returned to the patients body. [SEP] pumping the blood through a fake kidney
Kidney dialysis is the process of filtering the blood of wastes using a machine. A dialysis machine ( Figure 1.2) filters waste from the blood by pumping the blood through a fake kidney. The filtered blood is then returned to the patients body. [SEP] A dialysis machine -LRB- Figure 1.2 -RRB- filters waste from the blood
UTIs are often treated with antibiotics. Most UTIs are not serious, but some infections can lead to serious problems. Long lasting kidney infections can cause permanent damage, including kidney scars, poor kidney function, high blood pressure, and other problems. [SEP] some infections
UTIs are often treated with antibiotics. Most UTIs are not serious, but some infections can lead to serious problems. Long lasting kidney infections can cause permanent damage, including kidney scars, poor kidney function, high blood pressure, and other problems. [SEP] serious problems
Long lasting kidney infections can cause permanent damage, including kidney scars, poor kidney function, high blood pressure, and other problems. Some sudden kidney infections can be life threatening, especially if the bacteria enter the bloodstream, a condition called septicemia. What are the signs and symptoms of a UTI? [SEP] the bacteria enter the bloodstream
Long lasting kidney infections can cause permanent damage, including kidney scars, poor kidney function, high blood pressure, and other problems. Some sudden kidney infections can be life threatening, especially if the bacteria enter the bloodstream, a condition called septicemia. What are the signs and symptoms of a UTI? [SEP] a condition called septicemia .
a burning feeling when you urinate, frequent or intense urges to urinate, even when you have little urine to pass, pain in your back or side below the ribs, cloudy, dark, bloody, or foul-smelling urine, fever or chills. You should see your doctor if you have signs of a UTI. Your doctor will diagnose a UTIs by asking about your symptoms and then testing a sample of your urine. [SEP] you have signs of a UTI .
a burning feeling when you urinate, frequent or intense urges to urinate, even when you have little urine to pass, pain in your back or side below the ribs, cloudy, dark, bloody, or foul-smelling urine, fever or chills. You should see your doctor if you have signs of a UTI. Your doctor will diagnose a UTIs by asking about your symptoms and then testing a sample of your urine. [SEP] You should see your doctor
You should see your doctor if you have signs of a UTI. Your doctor will diagnose a UTIs by asking about your symptoms and then testing a sample of your urine.  [SEP] asking about your symptoms and then testing a sample of your urine
You should see your doctor if you have signs of a UTI. Your doctor will diagnose a UTIs by asking about your symptoms and then testing a sample of your urine.  [SEP] Your doctor will diagnose a UTIs
A population is a group of organisms of the same species, all living in the same area and interacting with each other. Since they live together in one area, members of the same species reproduce together. Ecologists who study populations determine how healthy or stable the populations are. [SEP] they live together in one area
A population is a group of organisms of the same species, all living in the same area and interacting with each other. Since they live together in one area, members of the same species reproduce together. Ecologists who study populations determine how healthy or stable the populations are. [SEP] members of the same species reproduce together .
They also study how the individuals of a species interact with each other and how populations interact with the environment. If a group of similar organisms in the same area cannot reproduce with members of the other group, then they are members of two distinct species and form two populations. Ecologists look at many factors that help to describe a population. [SEP] a group of similar organisms in the same area can not reproduce with members of the other group
They also study how the individuals of a species interact with each other and how populations interact with the environment. If a group of similar organisms in the same area cannot reproduce with members of the other group, then they are members of two distinct species and form two populations. Ecologists look at many factors that help to describe a population. [SEP] then they are members of two distinct species and form two populations .
This may allow for easier reproduction. A population of cacti in the Sonoran Desert generally shows even dispersion due to competition for water. Ecologists also study the birth and death rates of the population. [SEP] competition for water
This may allow for easier reproduction. A population of cacti in the Sonoran Desert generally shows even dispersion due to competition for water. Ecologists also study the birth and death rates of the population. [SEP] A population of cacti in the Sonoran Desert generally shows even dispersion
During sexual intercourse, sperm may be released into the vagina. If this occurs, the sperm will move through the vagina and into the uterus. During birth, a baby passes from the uterus to the vagina to leave the body. [SEP] this occurs
During sexual intercourse, sperm may be released into the vagina. If this occurs, the sperm will move through the vagina and into the uterus. During birth, a baby passes from the uterus to the vagina to leave the body. [SEP] the sperm will move through the vagina and into the uterus .
The uterus is where a baby develops until birth. The walls of the uterus grow bigger as the baby grows. The muscular walls of the uterus push the baby out during birth. [SEP] the baby grows .
The uterus is where a baby develops until birth. The walls of the uterus grow bigger as the baby grows. The muscular walls of the uterus push the baby out during birth. [SEP] The walls of the uterus grow bigger
It shows the organs from the side. Find each organ in the drawing as you read about it in the text. The two ovaries are small, oval organs on either side of the uterus. [SEP] you read about it in the text .
It shows the organs from the side. Find each organ in the drawing as you read about it in the text. The two ovaries are small, oval organs on either side of the uterus. [SEP] It shows the organs from the side . Find each organ in the drawing
The two ovaries are small, oval organs on either side of the uterus. Each ovary contains thousands of eggs, with about 1-2 million immature eggs present at birth and 40,000 immature eggs present at puberty, as most of the eggs die off. The eggs do not fully develop until a female has gone through puberty. [SEP] most of the eggs die off .
The two ovaries are small, oval organs on either side of the uterus. Each ovary contains thousands of eggs, with about 1-2 million immature eggs present at birth and 40,000 immature eggs present at puberty, as most of the eggs die off. The eggs do not fully develop until a female has gone through puberty. [SEP] Each ovary contains thousands of eggs , with about 1-2 million immature eggs present at birth and 40,000 immature eggs present at puberty
Then the egg passes through the fallopian tube to the uterus. If an egg is to be fertilized, this will occur in the fallopian tube. A fertilized egg then implants into the wall of the uterus, where it begins to develop. [SEP] an egg is to be fertilized
Then the egg passes through the fallopian tube to the uterus. If an egg is to be fertilized, this will occur in the fallopian tube. A fertilized egg then implants into the wall of the uterus, where it begins to develop. [SEP] this will occur in the fallopian tube .
Eggs are actually made in the body before birth, but they do not fully develop until later in life. Like sperm, eggs are produced by meiosis, so they contain half the number of chromosomes as the original cell. Another role of the female system is to secrete estrogen. [SEP] , eggs are produced by meiosis
Eggs are actually made in the body before birth, but they do not fully develop until later in life. Like sperm, eggs are produced by meiosis, so they contain half the number of chromosomes as the original cell. Another role of the female system is to secrete estrogen. [SEP] they contain half the number of chromosomes as the original cell .
This cycle is controlled by a well-planned and very complex interplay of hormones. If an egg is not fertilized, the system must prepare itself again the next cycle. The female reproductive system also supports a baby as it develops before birth, and it facilitates the babys birth at the end of pregnancy. [SEP] an egg is not fertilized
This cycle is controlled by a well-planned and very complex interplay of hormones. If an egg is not fertilized, the system must prepare itself again the next cycle. The female reproductive system also supports a baby as it develops before birth, and it facilitates the babys birth at the end of pregnancy. [SEP] the system must prepare itself again the next cycle .
If an egg is not fertilized, the system must prepare itself again the next cycle. The female reproductive system also supports a baby as it develops before birth, and it facilitates the babys birth at the end of pregnancy.  [SEP] it develops before birth , and
If an egg is not fertilized, the system must prepare itself again the next cycle. The female reproductive system also supports a baby as it develops before birth, and it facilitates the babys birth at the end of pregnancy.  [SEP] The female reproductive system also supports a baby
In this process, called fermentation, only the first step of respiration, glycolysis, occurs, producing two ATP; no additional ATP is produced. Therefore, the organism only obtains the two ATP molecules per glucose molecule from glycolysis. Compared to the 36-38 ATP produced under aerobic conditions, anaerobic respiration is not a very efficient process. [SEP] , called fermentation , only the first step of respiration , glycolysis , occurs , producing two ATP ; no additional ATP is produced
In this process, called fermentation, only the first step of respiration, glycolysis, occurs, producing two ATP; no additional ATP is produced. Therefore, the organism only obtains the two ATP molecules per glucose molecule from glycolysis. Compared to the 36-38 ATP produced under aerobic conditions, anaerobic respiration is not a very efficient process. [SEP] the organism only obtains the two ATP molecules per glucose molecule from glycolysis .
Lactic acid is a waste product of this process. Our muscles perform lactic acid fermentation during strenuous exercise, since oxygen cannot be delivered to the muscles quickly enough. The buildup of lactic acid is believed to make your muscles sore after exercise. [SEP] oxygen can not be delivered to the muscles quickly enough .
Lactic acid is a waste product of this process. Our muscles perform lactic acid fermentation during strenuous exercise, since oxygen cannot be delivered to the muscles quickly enough. The buildup of lactic acid is believed to make your muscles sore after exercise. [SEP] Our muscles perform lactic acid fermentation during strenuous exercise
The lactic acid causes the proteins in milk to thicken. Lactic acid also causes tooth decay, because bacteria use the sugars in your mouth for energy. Pictured below are some products of fermentation ( Figure 1.1). [SEP] bacteria use the sugars in your mouth for energy .
The lactic acid causes the proteins in milk to thicken. Lactic acid also causes tooth decay, because bacteria use the sugars in your mouth for energy. Pictured below are some products of fermentation ( Figure 1.1). [SEP] Lactic acid also causes tooth decay
In order to absorb oxygen from the water, fish use gills ( Figure 1.2). Gills take dissolved oxygen from water as the water flows over the surface of the gill. Gills help a fish breathe. [SEP] the water flows over the surface of the gill .
In order to absorb oxygen from the water, fish use gills ( Figure 1.2). Gills take dissolved oxygen from water as the water flows over the surface of the gill. Gills help a fish breathe. [SEP] Gills take dissolved oxygen from water
But as we saw with the mudskipper, not all fish spend all their time in water. So how do scientists define fish? Some characteristics of fish include: 1. [SEP] But as we saw with the mudskipper , not all fish spend all their time in water
But as we saw with the mudskipper, not all fish spend all their time in water. So how do scientists define fish? Some characteristics of fish include: 1. [SEP] how do scientists define
But it is a word that informally describes animals (usually invertebrates) that have long bodies with no arms or legs. (Snakes are vertebrates, so they are not usually described as worms.) Worms are the first significant group of animals with bilateral symmetry, meaning that the right side of their bodies is a mirror of the left. [SEP] Snakes are vertebrates
But it is a word that informally describes animals (usually invertebrates) that have long bodies with no arms or legs. (Snakes are vertebrates, so they are not usually described as worms.) Worms are the first significant group of animals with bilateral symmetry, meaning that the right side of their bodies is a mirror of the left. [SEP] they are not usually described as worms .
One type of worm is the flatworm. Worms in the phylum Platyhelminthes are called flatworms because they have flattened bodies. There are more than 18,500 known species of flatworms. [SEP] they have flattened bodies .
One type of worm is the flatworm. Worms in the phylum Platyhelminthes are called flatworms because they have flattened bodies. There are more than 18,500 known species of flatworms. [SEP] Worms in the phylum Platyhelminthes are called flatworms
Flatworms have no true body cavity, but they do have bilateral symmetry. Due to the lack of a body cav- ity,flatworms are known as acoelomates. 2. [SEP] the lack of a body cav - ity
Flatworms have no true body cavity, but they do have bilateral symmetry. Due to the lack of a body cav- ity,flatworms are known as acoelomates. 2. [SEP] flatworms are known as acoelomates .
Other types of flatworms are parasitic. That means they live inside another organism, called a host, in order to get the food and energy they need. For example, tapeworms have a head-like area with tiny hooks and suckers (known as the scolex) [SEP] Other types of flatworms are parasitic
Other types of flatworms are parasitic. That means they live inside another organism, called a host, in order to get the food and energy they need. For example, tapeworms have a head-like area with tiny hooks and suckers (known as the scolex) [SEP] they
Food provides building materials for your body. Your body needs building materials so it can grow and repair itself. Specifically, it needs these materials to produce more cells and its components. [SEP] Your body needs building materials
Food provides building materials for your body. Your body needs building materials so it can grow and repair itself. Specifically, it needs these materials to produce more cells and its components. [SEP] it can grow and repair itself .
Your body processes must be kept in balance for good health. For all these reasons, you must have a regular supply of nutrients. Nutrients are chemicals in food that your body needs. [SEP] Your body processes must be kept in balance for good health
Your body processes must be kept in balance for good health. For all these reasons, you must have a regular supply of nutrients. Nutrients are chemicals in food that your body needs. [SEP] you must have a regular supply of nutrients .
Newer layers form on top of the older layers; the deepest rock layers are the oldest. Therefore, you can tell how old a fossil is by observing in which layer of rock it was found. Evolution of the horse. [SEP] Newer layers form on top of the older layers ; the deepest rock layers are the oldest
Newer layers form on top of the older layers; the deepest rock layers are the oldest. Therefore, you can tell how old a fossil is by observing in which layer of rock it was found. Evolution of the horse. [SEP] you can tell how old a fossil is by observing in which layer of rock it was found .
Geologists use a method called radiometric dating to determine the exact age of rocks and fossils in each layer of rock. This technique, which is possible because radioactive materials decay at a known rate, measures how much of the radioactive materials in each rock layer have broken down ( Figure 1.3). Radiometric dating has been used to determine that the oldest known rocks on Earth are between 4 and 5 billion years old. [SEP] radioactive materials decay at a known
Geologists use a method called radiometric dating to determine the exact age of rocks and fossils in each layer of rock. This technique, which is possible because radioactive materials decay at a known rate, measures how much of the radioactive materials in each rock layer have broken down ( Figure 1.3). Radiometric dating has been used to determine that the oldest known rocks on Earth are between 4 and 5 billion years old. [SEP] measures how much of the radioactive materials in each rock layer have broken down -LRB- Figure 1.3 -RRB- .
Examples of fossils include bones, teeth, and impressions. By studying fossils, evidence for evolution is revealed. Paleontologists are scientists who study fossils to learn about life in the past. [SEP] studying fossils
Examples of fossils include bones, teeth, and impressions. By studying fossils, evidence for evolution is revealed. Paleontologists are scientists who study fossils to learn about life in the past. [SEP] , evidence for evolution is revealed .
( Figure below). Through studying fossils, we now know that todays organisms look much different in many cases than those that were alive in the past. Scientists have also shown that organisms were spread out differently across the planet. [SEP] studying fossils
( Figure below). Through studying fossils, we now know that todays organisms look much different in many cases than those that were alive in the past. Scientists have also shown that organisms were spread out differently across the planet. [SEP] , we now know that todays organisms look much different in many cases than those that were alive in the past .
Huntingtons disease is an example of an autosomal dominant disorder. This means that if the dominant allele is present, then the person will express the disease. A child only has to inherit one dominant allele to have the disease. [SEP] the dominant allele is present
Huntingtons disease is an example of an autosomal dominant disorder. This means that if the dominant allele is present, then the person will express the disease. A child only has to inherit one dominant allele to have the disease. [SEP] then the person will express the disease .
If one parent has Huntingtons disease, what is the chance of passing it on to the children? If you draw the Punnett square, you will find that there is a 50 percent chance of the disorder being passed on to the children.  [SEP] you draw the Punnett square
If one parent has Huntingtons disease, what is the chance of passing it on to the children? If you draw the Punnett square, you will find that there is a 50 percent chance of the disorder being passed on to the children.  [SEP] you will find that there is a 50 percent chance of the disorder being passed on to the children .
Other genetic disorders are carried on one of the other 22 pairs of chromosomes; these chromosomes are known as autosomes or autosomal (non-sex) chromosomes. Some genetic disorders are due to new mutations, others can be inherited from your parents.  [SEP] new mutations , others can be inherited from your parents .
Other genetic disorders are carried on one of the other 22 pairs of chromosomes; these chromosomes are known as autosomes or autosomal (non-sex) chromosomes. Some genetic disorders are due to new mutations, others can be inherited from your parents.  [SEP] Some genetic disorders
Children with cystic fibrosis have excessively thick mucus in their lungs, which makes it difficult for them to breathe. The inheritance of this recessive allele is the same as any other recessive allele, so a Punnett square can be used to predict the probability that two carriers of the disease will have a child with cystic fibrosis. Recall that carriers have the recessive allele for a trait but do not express the trait. [SEP] The inheritance of this recessive allele is the same as any other recessive allele
Children with cystic fibrosis have excessively thick mucus in their lungs, which makes it difficult for them to breathe. The inheritance of this recessive allele is the same as any other recessive allele, so a Punnett square can be used to predict the probability that two carriers of the disease will have a child with cystic fibrosis. Recall that carriers have the recessive allele for a trait but do not express the trait. [SEP] a Punnett square can be used to predict the probability that two carriers of the disease will have a child with cystic fibrosis .
ff (affected) According to this Punnett square, two parents that are carriers (Ff ) of the cystic fibrosis gene have a 25% chance of having a child with cystic fibrosis (ff ). The affected child must inherit two recessive alleles. [SEP] this Punnett square
ff (affected) According to this Punnett square, two parents that are carriers (Ff ) of the cystic fibrosis gene have a 25% chance of having a child with cystic fibrosis (ff ). The affected child must inherit two recessive alleles. [SEP] two parents that are carriers -LRB- Ff -RRB- of the cystic fibrosis gene have a 25 % chance of having a child with cystic fibrosis -LRB- ff -RRB- .
The carrier parents are not affected. Tay-Sachs disease is a severe genetic disorder in which affected children do not live to adulthood, so the gene is not passed from an affected individual. Carriers of the Tay-Sachs gene are not affected. [SEP] Tay-Sachs disease is a severe genetic disorder in which affected children do not live to adulthood
The carrier parents are not affected. Tay-Sachs disease is a severe genetic disorder in which affected children do not live to adulthood, so the gene is not passed from an affected individual. Carriers of the Tay-Sachs gene are not affected. [SEP] the gene is not passed from an affected individual .
Or, more specifically, you may want to know how common a certain form of that gene is within the population, such as a recessive form. This can be done using the Hardy-Weinberg model, but it can only be done if the frequencies of the genes are not changing. The Hardy-Weinberg model describes how a population can remain at genetic equilibrium, referred to as the Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. [SEP] the frequencies of the genes are not changing .
Or, more specifically, you may want to know how common a certain form of that gene is within the population, such as a recessive form. This can be done using the Hardy-Weinberg model, but it can only be done if the frequencies of the genes are not changing. The Hardy-Weinberg model describes how a population can remain at genetic equilibrium, referred to as the Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. [SEP] the Hardy-Weinberg model , but it can only be done
The dominant allele, R, encodes for non-red hair, while the recessive allele, r, encodes for red hair. If a populations gene pool contains 90% R and 10% r alleles, then the next generation would also have 90% R and 10% r alleles. However, this only works under a strict set of conditions. [SEP] a populations gene pool contains 90 % R and 10 % r alleles
The dominant allele, R, encodes for non-red hair, while the recessive allele, r, encodes for red hair. If a populations gene pool contains 90% R and 10% r alleles, then the next generation would also have 90% R and 10% r alleles. However, this only works under a strict set of conditions. [SEP] then the next generation would also have 90 % R and 10 % r alleles .
When one or more of the conditions does not exist, then evolution can occur. As a result, allele frequencies are constantly changing, and populations are constantly evolving. As mutations and natural selection occur frequently in nature, it is difficult for a population to be at genetic equilibrium. [SEP] When one or more of the conditions does not exist , then evolution can occur
When one or more of the conditions does not exist, then evolution can occur. As a result, allele frequencies are constantly changing, and populations are constantly evolving. As mutations and natural selection occur frequently in nature, it is difficult for a population to be at genetic equilibrium. [SEP] allele frequencies are constantly changing , and populations are constantly evolving .
As a result, allele frequencies are constantly changing, and populations are constantly evolving. As mutations and natural selection occur frequently in nature, it is difficult for a population to be at genetic equilibrium. The Hardy-Weinberg model also serves a mathematical formula used to predict allele frequencies in a population at genetic equilibrium. [SEP] mutations and natural selection occur frequently in nature , it is difficult for a population to be at genetic equilibrium .
As a result, allele frequencies are constantly changing, and populations are constantly evolving. As mutations and natural selection occur frequently in nature, it is difficult for a population to be at genetic equilibrium. The Hardy-Weinberg model also serves a mathematical formula used to predict allele frequencies in a population at genetic equilibrium. [SEP] , and populations are constantly evolving .
The Hardy-Weinberg model also serves a mathematical formula used to predict allele frequencies in a population at genetic equilibrium. If you know the allele frequencies of one generation, you can use this formula to predict the next generation. Again, this only works if all five conditions are being met in a population. [SEP] you know the allele frequencies of one generation
The Hardy-Weinberg model also serves a mathematical formula used to predict allele frequencies in a population at genetic equilibrium. If you know the allele frequencies of one generation, you can use this formula to predict the next generation. Again, this only works if all five conditions are being met in a population. [SEP] you can use this formula to predict the next generation .
If you know the allele frequencies of one generation, you can use this formula to predict the next generation. Again, this only works if all five conditions are being met in a population.  [SEP] all five conditions are being met in a population .
If you know the allele frequencies of one generation, you can use this formula to predict the next generation. Again, this only works if all five conditions are being met in a population.  [SEP] Again , this only works
Bacteria are responsible for many types of human illness ( Figure 1.1), including: Strep throat Tuberculosis Pneumonia Leprosy Lyme disease Luckily most of these can be treated with antibiotics, which kill the bacteria. It is important that when a medical doctor prescribes antibiotics for you, you take the medicine exactly as the doctor tells you. You need to make sure the bacteria is killed. [SEP] the doctor tells you .
Bacteria are responsible for many types of human illness ( Figure 1.1), including: Strep throat Tuberculosis Pneumonia Leprosy Lyme disease Luckily most of these can be treated with antibiotics, which kill the bacteria. It is important that when a medical doctor prescribes antibiotics for you, you take the medicine exactly as the doctor tells you. You need to make sure the bacteria is killed. [SEP] It is important that when a medical doctor prescribes antibiotics for you , you take the medicine exactly
Raw eggs and undercooked meats commonly carry the bacteria that can cause food poisoning. Food poisoning can be prevented by cooking meat thoroughly, which kills most microbes, and washing surfaces that have been in contact with raw meat. Washing your hands before and after handling food also helps prevent contamination. [SEP] cooking meat thoroughly , which kills most microbes , and washing surfaces that have been in contact with raw meat
Raw eggs and undercooked meats commonly carry the bacteria that can cause food poisoning. Food poisoning can be prevented by cooking meat thoroughly, which kills most microbes, and washing surfaces that have been in contact with raw meat. Washing your hands before and after handling food also helps prevent contamination. [SEP] Food poisoning can be prevented
An example is anthrax, a disease caused by the bacterium Bacillus anthracis. Inhaling the spores of this bacterium can lead to a deadly infection, and, therefore, it is a dangerous weapon. In 2001, an act of terrorism in the United States involved B. anthracis spores sent in letters through the mail. [SEP] Inhaling the spores of this bacterium can lead to a deadly infection , and
An example is anthrax, a disease caused by the bacterium Bacillus anthracis. Inhaling the spores of this bacterium can lead to a deadly infection, and, therefore, it is a dangerous weapon. In 2001, an act of terrorism in the United States involved B. anthracis spores sent in letters through the mail. [SEP] it is a dangerous weapon .
An example is anthrax, a disease caused by the bacterium Bacillus anthracis. Inhaling the spores of this bacterium can lead to a deadly infection, and, therefore, it is a dangerous weapon. In 2001, an act of terrorism in the United States involved B. anthracis spores sent in letters through the mail. [SEP] Inhaling the spores of this bacterium
An example is anthrax, a disease caused by the bacterium Bacillus anthracis. Inhaling the spores of this bacterium can lead to a deadly infection, and, therefore, it is a dangerous weapon. In 2001, an act of terrorism in the United States involved B. anthracis spores sent in letters through the mail. [SEP] a deadly infection , and
Air pollution related respiratory disorders include asthma, bronchitis, and emphysema. Asthma is a respiratory disorder characterized by wheezing, coughing, and a feeling of constriction in the chest. Bronchitis is inflammation of the membrane lining of the bronchial tubes of the lungs. [SEP] wheezing , coughing
Air pollution related respiratory disorders include asthma, bronchitis, and emphysema. Asthma is a respiratory disorder characterized by wheezing, coughing, and a feeling of constriction in the chest. Bronchitis is inflammation of the membrane lining of the bronchial tubes of the lungs. [SEP] , and
Indoors, pollutants such as radon or asbestos can also increase your cancer risk. Lastly, air pollution can lead to heart disease, including heart attack and stroke.  [SEP] air pollution
Indoors, pollutants such as radon or asbestos can also increase your cancer risk. Lastly, air pollution can lead to heart disease, including heart attack and stroke.  [SEP] heart disease
After reading about the effects of air pollution, both indoors and outdoors, you may wonder how you can avoid it. As for outdoor air pollution, if you hear in the news that the outdoor air quality is particularly bad, then it might make sense to wear a mask outdoors or to stay indoors. Because you have more control over your indoor air quality than the outdoor air quality, there are some simple steps you can take indoors to make sure the air quality is less polluted. [SEP] for outdoor air pollution , if you hear in the news that the outdoor air quality is particularly bad , then it might make sense to wear a mask outdoors or to stay indoors .
After reading about the effects of air pollution, both indoors and outdoors, you may wonder how you can avoid it. As for outdoor air pollution, if you hear in the news that the outdoor air quality is particularly bad, then it might make sense to wear a mask outdoors or to stay indoors. Because you have more control over your indoor air quality than the outdoor air quality, there are some simple steps you can take indoors to make sure the air quality is less polluted. [SEP] After reading about the effects of air pollution , both indoors and outdoors , you may wonder how you can avoid it .
As for outdoor air pollution, if you hear in the news that the outdoor air quality is particularly bad, then it might make sense to wear a mask outdoors or to stay indoors. Because you have more control over your indoor air quality than the outdoor air quality, there are some simple steps you can take indoors to make sure the air quality is less polluted. These include: 1. 2. 3. [SEP] you have more control over your indoor air quality than the outdoor air quality
As for outdoor air pollution, if you hear in the news that the outdoor air quality is particularly bad, then it might make sense to wear a mask outdoors or to stay indoors. Because you have more control over your indoor air quality than the outdoor air quality, there are some simple steps you can take indoors to make sure the air quality is less polluted. These include: 1. 2. 3. [SEP] there are some simple steps you can take indoors to make sure the air quality is less polluted .
Some studies have shown that people in urban areas suffer lower levels of lung function and more chronic bronchitis and emphysema. If you live in a city, you have seen smog. It is a low-hanging, fog-like cloud that seems to never leave the city ( Figure 1.1). [SEP] you live in a city
Some studies have shown that people in urban areas suffer lower levels of lung function and more chronic bronchitis and emphysema. If you live in a city, you have seen smog. It is a low-hanging, fog-like cloud that seems to never leave the city ( Figure 1.1). [SEP] you have seen smog .
Foodborne illnesses can also be caused by viruses and parasites. The most common foodborne illnesses happen within a few minutes to a few hours, and make you feel really sick, but last for only about a day or so. Others can take longer for the illness to appear. [SEP] The most common foodborne illnesses happen within a few minutes to a few hours , and make you feel really sick , but last for only about a day or
Foodborne illnesses can also be caused by viruses and parasites. The most common foodborne illnesses happen within a few minutes to a few hours, and make you feel really sick, but last for only about a day or so. Others can take longer for the illness to appear. [SEP] . Others can take longer for the illness to appear
Others can take longer for the illness to appear. Some people believe that the taste of food will tell you if it is bad. As a rule, you probably should not eat bad tasting food, but many contaminated foods can still taste good. [SEP] it is bad .
Others can take longer for the illness to appear. Some people believe that the taste of food will tell you if it is bad. As a rule, you probably should not eat bad tasting food, but many contaminated foods can still taste good. [SEP] Some people believe that the taste of food will tell you
Some people believe that the taste of food will tell you if it is bad. As a rule, you probably should not eat bad tasting food, but many contaminated foods can still taste good. You can help prevent foodborne illness by following a few simple rules. [SEP] a rule , you probably should not eat bad tasting food , but many contaminated foods can still taste
Some people believe that the taste of food will tell you if it is bad. As a rule, you probably should not eat bad tasting food, but many contaminated foods can still taste good. You can help prevent foodborne illness by following a few simple rules. [SEP] Some people believe that the taste of food will tell you if it is bad .
As a rule, you probably should not eat bad tasting food, but many contaminated foods can still taste good. You can help prevent foodborne illness by following a few simple rules. Keep hot foods hot and cold foods cold. [SEP] following a few simple rules
As a rule, you probably should not eat bad tasting food, but many contaminated foods can still taste good. You can help prevent foodborne illness by following a few simple rules. Keep hot foods hot and cold foods cold. [SEP] You can help prevent foodborne illness
Cook meats, poultry, fish, and eggs thoroughly before eating them. The heat of cooking kills any bacteria the foods may contain, so they cannot make you sick. Refrigerate cooked food soon after a meal. [SEP] The heat of cooking kills any bacteria the foods may contain
Cook meats, poultry, fish, and eggs thoroughly before eating them. The heat of cooking kills any bacteria the foods may contain, so they cannot make you sick. Refrigerate cooked food soon after a meal. [SEP] they can not make you sick .
Cooked foods should not be left out all day. Bacteria that cause foodborne illnesses include Salmonella, a bacterium found in many foods, including raw and undercooked meat, poultry, dairy products, and seafood. Campylobacter jejuni is found in raw or undercooked chicken and unpasteurized milk. [SEP] Bacteria that cause foodborne illnesses include Salmonella
Cooked foods should not be left out all day. Bacteria that cause foodborne illnesses include Salmonella, a bacterium found in many foods, including raw and undercooked meat, poultry, dairy products, and seafood. Campylobacter jejuni is found in raw or undercooked chicken and unpasteurized milk. [SEP] a bacterium found in many foods , including raw and undercooked meat , poultry , dairy products , and seafood .
Giardia is a parasite spread through water contaminated with the stools of people or animals who are infected. Food preparers who are infected with parasites can also contaminate food if they do not thoroughly wash their hands after using the bathroom and before handling food. Trichinella is a type of roundworm parasite. [SEP] they do not thoroughly wash their hands after using the bathroom and before handling food .
Giardia is a parasite spread through water contaminated with the stools of people or animals who are infected. Food preparers who are infected with parasites can also contaminate food if they do not thoroughly wash their hands after using the bathroom and before handling food. Trichinella is a type of roundworm parasite. [SEP] Food preparers who are infected with parasites can also contaminate food
A person who is lactose intolerant does not make enough lactase, the enzyme that breaks down the milk sugar, lactose. Lactose intolerance may be as high as 75% in some populations, but overall the percentage of affected individuals is much less. Still, well over 10% of the worlds population is lactose intolerant. [SEP] high as 75 % in some populations , but overall the percentage of affected individuals is much
A person who is lactose intolerant does not make enough lactase, the enzyme that breaks down the milk sugar, lactose. Lactose intolerance may be as high as 75% in some populations, but overall the percentage of affected individuals is much less. Still, well over 10% of the worlds population is lactose intolerant. [SEP] Lactose intolerance may be
Eating even tiny amounts of the foods causes them to have serious symptoms, such as difficulty breathing. If they eat the foods by accident, they may need emergency medical treatment. Some of the foods that commonly cause allergies are shown here. [SEP] they eat the foods by accident
Eating even tiny amounts of the foods causes them to have serious symptoms, such as difficulty breathing. If they eat the foods by accident, they may need emergency medical treatment. Some of the foods that commonly cause allergies are shown here. [SEP] they may need emergency medical treatment .
The nerve impulses travel to the cerebellum in the brain along the vestibular nerve. In response, the cerebellum sends commands to muscles to contract or relax so that the body stays balanced.  [SEP] In response , the cerebellum sends commands to muscles to contract or relax
The nerve impulses travel to the cerebellum in the brain along the vestibular nerve. In response, the cerebellum sends commands to muscles to contract or relax so that the body stays balanced.  [SEP] the body stays balanced .
The human ear is pictured below ( Figure 1.2). As you read about it, trace the path of sound waves through the ear. Assume a car horn blows in the distance. [SEP] you read about it , trace the path of sound waves through the ear .
The human ear is pictured below ( Figure 1.2). As you read about it, trace the path of sound waves through the ear. Assume a car horn blows in the distance. [SEP] The human ear is pictured below -LRB- Figure 1.2 -RRB- .
Very loud sounds can kill the tiny hair cells lining the cochlea. The hair cells do not generally grow back once they are destroyed, so this type of hearing loss is permanent. You can protect your hearing by avoiding loud sounds or wearing earplugs or other ear protectors. [SEP] The hair cells do not generally grow back once they are destroyed
Very loud sounds can kill the tiny hair cells lining the cochlea. The hair cells do not generally grow back once they are destroyed, so this type of hearing loss is permanent. You can protect your hearing by avoiding loud sounds or wearing earplugs or other ear protectors. [SEP] this type of hearing loss is permanent .
The hair cells do not generally grow back once they are destroyed, so this type of hearing loss is permanent. You can protect your hearing by avoiding loud sounds or wearing earplugs or other ear protectors.  [SEP] avoiding loud sounds or wearing earplugs or other ear protectors
The hair cells do not generally grow back once they are destroyed, so this type of hearing loss is permanent. You can protect your hearing by avoiding loud sounds or wearing earplugs or other ear protectors.  [SEP] You can protect your hearing
A ventricle is one of the two muscular V-shaped chambers that pump blood out of the heart. You can remember they are called ventricles because they are shaped like a "V." The atria receive the blood, and the ventricles pump the blood out of the heart. [SEP] they are shaped like a `` V. ''
A ventricle is one of the two muscular V-shaped chambers that pump blood out of the heart. You can remember they are called ventricles because they are shaped like a "V." The atria receive the blood, and the ventricles pump the blood out of the heart. [SEP] You can remember they are called ventricles
These muscle cells contract in unison, causing the heart itself to contract and generating enough force to push the blood out. So how is the blood kept from flowing back on itself? Valves ( Figure 1.2) in the heart keep the blood flowing in one direction. [SEP] These muscle cells contract in unison , causing the heart itself to contract and generating enough force to push the blood out
These muscle cells contract in unison, causing the heart itself to contract and generating enough force to push the blood out. So how is the blood kept from flowing back on itself? Valves ( Figure 1.2) in the heart keep the blood flowing in one direction. [SEP] how is the blood kept from flowing back on
Valves ( Figure 1.2) in the heart keep the blood flowing in one direction. The valves do this by opening and closing in one direction only. Blood only moves forward through the heart. [SEP] opening and closing in one direction only
Valves ( Figure 1.2) in the heart keep the blood flowing in one direction. The valves do this by opening and closing in one direction only. Blood only moves forward through the heart. [SEP] The valves do this
Bacteria are also involved in producing other foods. Yogurt is made by using bacteria to ferment milk ( Figure 1.1). Fermenting cabbage with bacteria produces sauerkraut. [SEP] using bacteria to ferment milk -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB-
Bacteria are also involved in producing other foods. Yogurt is made by using bacteria to ferment milk ( Figure 1.1). Fermenting cabbage with bacteria produces sauerkraut. [SEP] Yogurt is made
In the laboratory, bacteria can be changed to provide us with a variety of useful materials. Bacteria can be used as tiny factories to produce desired chemicals and medicines. For example, insulin, which is necessary to treat people with diabetes, can be produced using bacteria. [SEP] tiny factories to produce desired chemicals and medicines .
In the laboratory, bacteria can be changed to provide us with a variety of useful materials. Bacteria can be used as tiny factories to produce desired chemicals and medicines. For example, insulin, which is necessary to treat people with diabetes, can be produced using bacteria. [SEP] Bacteria can be used
During transformation, bacteria can take up any DNA from the environment. Therefore, transformation allows scientists to insert any DNA into a bacteria, potentially producing many different proteins. This makes the bacteria greatly useful to people. [SEP] During transformation , bacteria can take up any DNA from the environment
During transformation, bacteria can take up any DNA from the environment. Therefore, transformation allows scientists to insert any DNA into a bacteria, potentially producing many different proteins. This makes the bacteria greatly useful to people. [SEP] transformation allows scientists to insert any DNA into a bacteria , potentially producing many different proteins .
 Bacteria are important in practically all ecosystems because many bacteria are decomposers. They break down dead materials and waste products and recycle nutrients back into the environment. [SEP] many bacteria are decomposers .
 Bacteria are important in practically all ecosystems because many bacteria are decomposers. They break down dead materials and waste products and recycle nutrients back into the environment. [SEP] Bacteria are important in practically all ecosystems
They break down dead materials and waste products and recycle nutrients back into the environment. The recycling of nutrients, such as nitrogen, by bacteria, is essential for living organisms. Organisms cannot produce nutrients, so they must come from other sources. [SEP] living organisms
They break down dead materials and waste products and recycle nutrients back into the environment. The recycling of nutrients, such as nitrogen, by bacteria, is essential for living organisms. Organisms cannot produce nutrients, so they must come from other sources. [SEP] The recycling of nutrients , such as nitrogen , by bacteria , is essential
The recycling of nutrients, such as nitrogen, by bacteria, is essential for living organisms. Organisms cannot produce nutrients, so they must come from other sources. We get nutrients from the food we eat; plants get them from the soil. [SEP] Organisms can not produce nutrients
The recycling of nutrients, such as nitrogen, by bacteria, is essential for living organisms. Organisms cannot produce nutrients, so they must come from other sources. We get nutrients from the food we eat; plants get them from the soil. [SEP] they must come from other sources .
HIV does not spread in any fluid in which the host cells cannot survive. Some people think they can become infected with HIV by donating blood or receiving donated blood. This is not true. [SEP] donating blood or receiving donated blood
HIV does not spread in any fluid in which the host cells cannot survive. Some people think they can become infected with HIV by donating blood or receiving donated blood. This is not true. [SEP] Some people think they can become infected with HIV
The needles used to draw blood for donations are always new. Therefore, they cannot spread the virus. Donated blood is also tested to make sure it is does not contain HIV. [SEP] The needles used to draw blood for donations are always new
The needles used to draw blood for donations are always new. Therefore, they cannot spread the virus. Donated blood is also tested to make sure it is does not contain HIV. [SEP] they can not spread the virus .
HIV is not transmitted by day-to-day contact in the workplace, schools, or social settings. HIV is not transmitted through shaking hands, hugging, or a casual kiss. You cannot become infected from a toilet seat, a drinking fountain, a door knob, dishes, drinking glasses, food, or pets. [SEP] shaking hands , hugging , or a casual kiss
HIV is not transmitted by day-to-day contact in the workplace, schools, or social settings. HIV is not transmitted through shaking hands, hugging, or a casual kiss. You cannot become infected from a toilet seat, a drinking fountain, a door knob, dishes, drinking glasses, food, or pets. [SEP] HIV is not transmitted
The first known cases of AIDS occurred in 1981. Since then, AIDS has led to the deaths of more than 35 million people worldwide. Many of them were children. [SEP] then , AIDS has led to the deaths of more than 35 million people worldwide .
The first known cases of AIDS occurred in 1981. Since then, AIDS has led to the deaths of more than 35 million people worldwide. Many of them were children. [SEP] The first known cases of AIDS occurred in 1981 .
Then, the virus kills the helper T cells. As the number of viruses in the blood rises, the number of helper T cells falls. Without helper T cells, the immune system is unable to protect the body. [SEP] the number of viruses in the blood rises , the number of helper T cells falls .
Then, the virus kills the helper T cells. As the number of viruses in the blood rises, the number of helper T cells falls. Without helper T cells, the immune system is unable to protect the body. [SEP] Then , the virus kills the helper T cells .
Without helper T cells, the immune system is unable to protect the body. The infected person cannot fight infections and other diseases because they do not have T cells. This is why people do not die from HIV. [SEP] they do not have T cells .
Without helper T cells, the immune system is unable to protect the body. The infected person cannot fight infections and other diseases because they do not have T cells. This is why people do not die from HIV. [SEP] The infected person can not fight infections and other diseases
The infected person cannot fight infections and other diseases because they do not have T cells. This is why people do not die from HIV. Instead, they die from another illness, like the common cold, that they cannot fight because they do not have helper T cells. [SEP] The infected person can not fight infections and other diseases because they do not have T cells
The infected person cannot fight infections and other diseases because they do not have T cells. This is why people do not die from HIV. Instead, they die from another illness, like the common cold, that they cannot fight because they do not have helper T cells. [SEP] people do not die from HIV .
This is why people do not die from HIV. Instead, they die from another illness, like the common cold, that they cannot fight because they do not have helper T cells. Medications can slow down the increase of viruses in the blood. [SEP] they do not have helper T cells .
This is why people do not die from HIV. Instead, they die from another illness, like the common cold, that they cannot fight because they do not have helper T cells. Medications can slow down the increase of viruses in the blood. [SEP] Instead , they die from another illness , like the common cold , that they can not fight
An example of positive feedback is milk production in nursing mothers. As the baby drinks her mothers milk, the hormone prolactin, a chemical signal, is released. The more the baby suckles, the more prolactin is released, which causes more milk to be produced. [SEP] the baby drinks her mothers milk , the hormone prolactin , a chemical signal , is released .
An example of positive feedback is milk production in nursing mothers. As the baby drinks her mothers milk, the hormone prolactin, a chemical signal, is released. The more the baby suckles, the more prolactin is released, which causes more milk to be produced. [SEP] An example of positive feedback is milk production in nursing mothers .
For example, your body has an internal thermostat. During a winter day, in your house a thermostat senses the temperature in a room and responds by turning on or off the heater. Your body acts in much the same way. [SEP] turning on or off the heater
For example, your body has an internal thermostat. During a winter day, in your house a thermostat senses the temperature in a room and responds by turning on or off the heater. Your body acts in much the same way. [SEP] During a winter day , in your house a thermostat senses the temperature in a room and responds
This command can cause several responses. If you are too hot, the skin makes sweat and blood vessels near the skin surface dilate. This response helps decrease body temperature. [SEP] you are too hot
This command can cause several responses. If you are too hot, the skin makes sweat and blood vessels near the skin surface dilate. This response helps decrease body temperature. [SEP] the skin makes sweat and blood vessels near the skin surface dilate .
When glucose (sugar) levels in the blood are too high, the pancreas secretes insulin to stimulate the absorption of glucose and the conversion of glucose into glycogen, which is stored in the liver. As blood glucose levels decrease, less insulin is produced. When glucose levels are too low, another hormone called glucagon is produced, which causes the liver to convert glycogen back to glucose. [SEP] blood glucose levels decrease , less insulin is produced .
When glucose (sugar) levels in the blood are too high, the pancreas secretes insulin to stimulate the absorption of glucose and the conversion of glucose into glycogen, which is stored in the liver. As blood glucose levels decrease, less insulin is produced. When glucose levels are too low, another hormone called glucagon is produced, which causes the liver to convert glycogen back to glucose. [SEP] When glucose -LRB- sugar -RRB- levels in the blood are too high , the pancreas secretes insulin to stimulate the absorption of glucose and the conversion of glucose into glycogen , which is stored in the liver .
Feedback Regulation. If a raise in body temperature (stimulus) is detected (recep- tor), a signal will cause the brain to main- tain homeostasis (response). Once the body temperature returns to normal, neg- ative feedback will cause the response to end. [SEP] a raise in body temperature -LRB- stimulus -RRB- is detected -LRB- recep - tor -RRB-
Feedback Regulation. If a raise in body temperature (stimulus) is detected (recep- tor), a signal will cause the brain to main- tain homeostasis (response). Once the body temperature returns to normal, neg- ative feedback will cause the response to end. [SEP] a signal will cause the brain to main - tain homeostasis -LRB- response -RRB- .
For example, your body closely regulates your fluid balance. You may have noticed that if you are slightly dehydrated, your urine is darker. Thats because the urine is more concentrated and less water is mixed in with it. [SEP] you are slightly dehydrated
For example, your body closely regulates your fluid balance. You may have noticed that if you are slightly dehydrated, your urine is darker. Thats because the urine is more concentrated and less water is mixed in with it. [SEP] your urine is darker .
You may have noticed that if you are slightly dehydrated, your urine is darker. Thats because the urine is more concentrated and less water is mixed in with it.  [SEP] the urine is more concentrated and less water is mixed in with it .
You may have noticed that if you are slightly dehydrated, your urine is darker. Thats because the urine is more concentrated and less water is mixed in with it.  [SEP] may have noticed that if you are slightly dehydrated , your urine is darker . Thats
 Millions of years ago, there were so many dead plants and animals that they could not completely decompose before they were buried. They were covered over by soil or sand, tar or ice. [SEP] Millions of years ago , there were so many dead
 Millions of years ago, there were so many dead plants and animals that they could not completely decompose before they were buried. They were covered over by soil or sand, tar or ice. [SEP] they could not completely decompose before they were buried .
The burning of fossil fuels releases more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than is used by photosynthesis. So, there is more carbon dioxide entering the atmosphere than is coming out of it. Carbon dioxide is known as a greenhouse gas, since it lets in light energy but does not let heat escape, much like the panes of a greenhouse. [SEP] The burning of fossil fuels releases more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than is used by photosynthesis
The burning of fossil fuels releases more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than is used by photosynthesis. So, there is more carbon dioxide entering the atmosphere than is coming out of it. Carbon dioxide is known as a greenhouse gas, since it lets in light energy but does not let heat escape, much like the panes of a greenhouse. [SEP] there is more carbon dioxide entering the atmosphere than is coming out of it .
So, there is more carbon dioxide entering the atmosphere than is coming out of it. Carbon dioxide is known as a greenhouse gas, since it lets in light energy but does not let heat escape, much like the panes of a greenhouse. The increase of greenhouse gasses in the atmosphere is contributing to a global rise in Earths temperature, known as global warming or global climate change. [SEP] it lets in light energy but does not let heat escape , much like the panes of a greenhouse .
So, there is more carbon dioxide entering the atmosphere than is coming out of it. Carbon dioxide is known as a greenhouse gas, since it lets in light energy but does not let heat escape, much like the panes of a greenhouse. The increase of greenhouse gasses in the atmosphere is contributing to a global rise in Earths temperature, known as global warming or global climate change. [SEP] Carbon dioxide is known as a greenhouse gas
The cycling of carbon occurs through the carbon cycle. Living organisms cannot make their own carbon, so how is carbon incorporated into living organisms? In the atmosphere, carbon is in the form of carbon dioxide gas (CO2 ). [SEP] Living organisms can not make their own carbon
The cycling of carbon occurs through the carbon cycle. Living organisms cannot make their own carbon, so how is carbon incorporated into living organisms? In the atmosphere, carbon is in the form of carbon dioxide gas (CO2 ). [SEP] how is carbon incorporated into living organisms ?
We, like all animals, exhale this carbon dioxide and return it back to the atmosphere. Also, carbon is released to the atmosphere as an organism dies and decomposes. Cellular respiration and photosynthesis can be described as a cycle, as one uses carbon dioxide (and water) and makes oxygen (and glucose), and the other uses oxygen (and glucose) and makes carbon dioxide (and water). [SEP] an organism dies and decomposes .
We, like all animals, exhale this carbon dioxide and return it back to the atmosphere. Also, carbon is released to the atmosphere as an organism dies and decomposes. Cellular respiration and photosynthesis can be described as a cycle, as one uses carbon dioxide (and water) and makes oxygen (and glucose), and the other uses oxygen (and glucose) and makes carbon dioxide (and water). [SEP] Also , carbon is released to the atmosphere
Also, carbon is released to the atmosphere as an organism dies and decomposes. Cellular respiration and photosynthesis can be described as a cycle, as one uses carbon dioxide (and water) and makes oxygen (and glucose), and the other uses oxygen (and glucose) and makes carbon dioxide (and water). The carbon cycle. [SEP] a cycle , as one uses carbon dioxide -LRB- and water -RRB- and makes oxygen -LRB- and glucose -RRB- , and the other uses oxygen -LRB- and glucose -RRB- and
Also, carbon is released to the atmosphere as an organism dies and decomposes. Cellular respiration and photosynthesis can be described as a cycle, as one uses carbon dioxide (and water) and makes oxygen (and glucose), and the other uses oxygen (and glucose) and makes carbon dioxide (and water). The carbon cycle. [SEP] Cellular respiration and photosynthesis can be described
This pesticide caused falcons to lay eggs with thinner shells. As a result, fewer falcon eggs survived to hatching. Populations of peregrine falcons declined rapidly. [SEP] This pesticide caused falcons to lay eggs with thinner shells
This pesticide caused falcons to lay eggs with thinner shells. As a result, fewer falcon eggs survived to hatching. Populations of peregrine falcons declined rapidly. [SEP] fewer falcon eggs survived to hatching .
Specifically, industrial and agricultural chemicals, waste, and acid rain threaten water. As water is essential for all ecosystems, water pollution can result in the extinction of species. A bird that was the victim of an oil spill. [SEP] water is essential for all ecosystems , water pollution can result in the extinction of species .
Specifically, industrial and agricultural chemicals, waste, and acid rain threaten water. As water is essential for all ecosystems, water pollution can result in the extinction of species. A bird that was the victim of an oil spill. [SEP] Specifically , industrial and agricultural chemicals , waste , and acid rain threaten water .
These all degrade the soil as well. As soil is the foundation of terrestrial ecosystems, this can result in extinction.  [SEP] soil is the foundation of terrestrial ecosystems , this can result in extinction .
These all degrade the soil as well. As soil is the foundation of terrestrial ecosystems, this can result in extinction.  [SEP] These all degrade the soil as well .
Even a brief change in climate may be too stressful for an organism to survive. For example, if the seas increase in temperature, even briefly, it may be too warm for certain types of fish to reproduce.  [SEP] the seas increase in
Even a brief change in climate may be too stressful for an organism to survive. For example, if the seas increase in temperature, even briefly, it may be too warm for certain types of fish to reproduce.  [SEP] even briefly , it may be too warm for certain types of fish to reproduce .
Mechanical digestion begins in the mouth and involves physical processes, such as chewing. This process continues in the stomach as the food is mixed with digestive juices. In chemical digestion, large food molecules are broken down into small nutrient molecules. [SEP] the food is mixed with digestive juices .
Mechanical digestion begins in the mouth and involves physical processes, such as chewing. This process continues in the stomach as the food is mixed with digestive juices. In chemical digestion, large food molecules are broken down into small nutrient molecules. [SEP] This process continues in the stomach
In chemical digestion, large food molecules are broken down into small nutrient molecules. This is a chemical process which also begins in the mouth as saliva begins to break down food and continues in the stomach as stomach enzymes further digest the food. Absorption is the process that allows substances you eat to be taken up by the blood. [SEP] saliva begins to break down food and continues in the stomach as stomach enzymes further digest the food .
In chemical digestion, large food molecules are broken down into small nutrient molecules. This is a chemical process which also begins in the mouth as saliva begins to break down food and continues in the stomach as stomach enzymes further digest the food. Absorption is the process that allows substances you eat to be taken up by the blood. [SEP] This is a chemical process which also begins in the mouth
In chemical digestion, large food molecules are broken down into small nutrient molecules. This is a chemical process which also begins in the mouth as saliva begins to break down food and continues in the stomach as stomach enzymes further digest the food. Absorption is the process that allows substances you eat to be taken up by the blood. [SEP] stomach enzymes further digest the food .
In chemical digestion, large food molecules are broken down into small nutrient molecules. This is a chemical process which also begins in the mouth as saliva begins to break down food and continues in the stomach as stomach enzymes further digest the food. Absorption is the process that allows substances you eat to be taken up by the blood. [SEP] saliva begins to break down food and continues in the stomach
Now there are tests for over 1,000 genetic disorders. The technologies developed during this effort, and since the completion of this project, will reduce the cost of sequencing a persons genome. This may eventually allow many people to sequence their individual genome. [SEP] the completion of this project , will reduce the cost of sequencing a persons genome .
Now there are tests for over 1,000 genetic disorders. The technologies developed during this effort, and since the completion of this project, will reduce the cost of sequencing a persons genome. This may eventually allow many people to sequence their individual genome. [SEP] The technologies developed during this effort , and
This may eventually allow many people to sequence their individual genome. Analysis of your own genome could determine if you are at risk for specific diseases. Knowing you might be genetically prone to a certain disease would allow you to make preventive lifestyle changes or have medical screenings. [SEP] you are at risk for specific diseases .
This may eventually allow many people to sequence their individual genome. Analysis of your own genome could determine if you are at risk for specific diseases. Knowing you might be genetically prone to a certain disease would allow you to make preventive lifestyle changes or have medical screenings. [SEP] Analysis of your own genome could determine
How quickly is the human population growing? If we look at worldwide human population growth from 10,000 BCE through today, our growth looks like exponential growth. It increased very slowly at first, but later grew faster and faster as the population increased in size ( Figure 1.1). [SEP] we look at worldwide human population growth from 10,000 BCE through today
How quickly is the human population growing? If we look at worldwide human population growth from 10,000 BCE through today, our growth looks like exponential growth. It increased very slowly at first, but later grew faster and faster as the population increased in size ( Figure 1.1). [SEP] our growth looks like exponential growth .
If we look at worldwide human population growth from 10,000 BCE through today, our growth looks like exponential growth. It increased very slowly at first, but later grew faster and faster as the population increased in size ( Figure 1.1). And recently, the human population has increased at a faster pace than ever before. [SEP] the population increased in size -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
If we look at worldwide human population growth from 10,000 BCE through today, our growth looks like exponential growth. It increased very slowly at first, but later grew faster and faster as the population increased in size ( Figure 1.1). And recently, the human population has increased at a faster pace than ever before. [SEP] It increased very slowly at first , but later grew faster and faster
Considering that in the year 1804, there were just one billion people, and in 1927, there were just two billion people (thats 123 years to increase from 1 to 2 billion), the recent increase in the human population growth rate is characteristic of exponential growth. Does this mean there are unlimited resources? Worldwide human population growth from 10,000 BCE through today. [SEP] that in the year 1804 , there were just one billion people , and in 1927 , there were just two billion people -LRB- thats 123 years to increase from 1 to 2 billion -RRB- , the recent increase in the human population growth rate is characteristic of exponential growth . Does
Considering that in the year 1804, there were just one billion people, and in 1927, there were just two billion people (thats 123 years to increase from 1 to 2 billion), the recent increase in the human population growth rate is characteristic of exponential growth. Does this mean there are unlimited resources? Worldwide human population growth from 10,000 BCE through today. [SEP] there
 On the other hand, if you look at human population growth in specific countries, you may see a different pattern. On the level of a country, the history of human population growth can be divided into five stages, as described in Table 1.1. [SEP] you look at human population growth in specific countries
 On the other hand, if you look at human population growth in specific countries, you may see a different pattern. On the level of a country, the history of human population growth can be divided into five stages, as described in Table 1.1. [SEP] you may see a different pattern .
But many scientists and other Neo-Malthusians believe that humans have already gone over the Earths carrying capacity. That means, we may have already reached the maximum population size that can be supported, without destroying our resources and habitat. If this is true, then human overpopulation will lead to a lack of food and other resources. [SEP] But many scientists and other Neo-Malthusians believe that humans have already gone over the Earths carrying capacity
But many scientists and other Neo-Malthusians believe that humans have already gone over the Earths carrying capacity. That means, we may have already reached the maximum population size that can be supported, without destroying our resources and habitat. If this is true, then human overpopulation will lead to a lack of food and other resources. [SEP] we
That means, we may have already reached the maximum population size that can be supported, without destroying our resources and habitat. If this is true, then human overpopulation will lead to a lack of food and other resources. Overpopulation may also lead to increased disease, and/or war. [SEP] then human overpopulation
That means, we may have already reached the maximum population size that can be supported, without destroying our resources and habitat. If this is true, then human overpopulation will lead to a lack of food and other resources. Overpopulation may also lead to increased disease, and/or war. [SEP] a lack of food and other resources
These problems may cause the population of humans to crash. If these issues are not controlled, could the human population go extinct? Which of the above theories makes sense to you? [SEP] these issues are not controlled
These problems may cause the population of humans to crash. If these issues are not controlled, could the human population go extinct? Which of the above theories makes sense to you? [SEP] could the human population go extinct ?
At this point, the skeleton is very flexible. As the fetus develops, hard bone begins to replace the cartilage, and the skeleton begins to harden. Not all of the cartilage, however, is replaced by bone. [SEP] the fetus develops , hard bone begins to replace the cartilage , and the skeleton
At this point, the skeleton is very flexible. As the fetus develops, hard bone begins to replace the cartilage, and the skeleton begins to harden. Not all of the cartilage, however, is replaced by bone. [SEP] At this point , the skeleton is very flexible .
A baby is born with zones of cartilage in its bones that allow growth of the bones. These areas, called growth plates, allow the bones to grow longer as the child grows. By the time the child reaches an age of about 18 to 25 years, all of the cartilage in the growth plate has been replaced by bone. [SEP] the child grows .
A baby is born with zones of cartilage in its bones that allow growth of the bones. These areas, called growth plates, allow the bones to grow longer as the child grows. By the time the child reaches an age of about 18 to 25 years, all of the cartilage in the growth plate has been replaced by bone. [SEP] These areas , called growth plates , allow the bones to grow longer
Spongy bone is found at the center of the bone and is lighter and more porous than compact bone. Bones look tough, shiny, and white because they are covered by a layer called the periosteum. Many bones also contain a soft connective tissue called bone marrow in the pores of the spongy bone. [SEP] they are covered by a layer called the periosteum .
Spongy bone is found at the center of the bone and is lighter and more porous than compact bone. Bones look tough, shiny, and white because they are covered by a layer called the periosteum. Many bones also contain a soft connective tissue called bone marrow in the pores of the spongy bone. [SEP] Bones look tough , shiny , and white
 Recall that air pollution is due to chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions. When most people think of air pollution, they think of the pollution outdoors. [SEP] chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions
 Recall that air pollution is due to chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions. When most people think of air pollution, they think of the pollution outdoors. [SEP] air pollution
And people today usually spend a majority of their time indoors. So exposure to indoor air pollution can become a significant health risk. Indoor air pollutants include both chemical and biological pollutants. [SEP] And people today usually spend a majority of their time indoors
And people today usually spend a majority of their time indoors. So exposure to indoor air pollution can become a significant health risk. Indoor air pollutants include both chemical and biological pollutants. [SEP] exposure to indoor air pollution can become a significant health risk .
Formaldehyde, a toxic gas emitted from building materials, such as carpeting and plywood. Volatile organic compounds (VOCs), which are given off by paint and solvents as they dry. They can cause cause long-term health effects. [SEP] they dry .
Formaldehyde, a toxic gas emitted from building materials, such as carpeting and plywood. Volatile organic compounds (VOCs), which are given off by paint and solvents as they dry. They can cause cause long-term health effects. [SEP] Formaldehyde , a toxic gas emitted from building materials , such as carpeting and plywood . Volatile organic compounds -LRB- VOCs -RRB- , which are given off by paint and solvents
Some tips to decrease your exposure to indoor air pollution include: Using less toxic chemicals when possible. Limiting your exposure to pesticides and cleaning fluids by keeping them in a garage or shed. When using toxic chemicals, allowing fresh air to circulate through open windows and doors. [SEP] keeping them in a garage
Some tips to decrease your exposure to indoor air pollution include: Using less toxic chemicals when possible. Limiting your exposure to pesticides and cleaning fluids by keeping them in a garage or shed. When using toxic chemicals, allowing fresh air to circulate through open windows and doors. [SEP] or shed .
There are numerous milestones that occur during the first few years of childhood. These include the use of language, walking and running, understanding simple concepts, pretend play, the development of fine motor skills, the development of independence, Children develop better motor skills as they get older. having temper tantrums, demonstrating separation anxiety, becoming fully potty-trained, showing natural curiosity. [SEP] they get older .
There are numerous milestones that occur during the first few years of childhood. These include the use of language, walking and running, understanding simple concepts, pretend play, the development of fine motor skills, the development of independence, Children develop better motor skills as they get older. having temper tantrums, demonstrating separation anxiety, becoming fully potty-trained, showing natural curiosity. [SEP] These include the use of language , walking and running , understanding simple concepts , pretend play , the development of fine motor skills , the development of independence , Children develop better motor skills
Unlike other naturalists before him, Darwin did not want to present any ideas unless he had strong evidence supporting them. Instead, once Darwin returned to England, he spent over twenty years examining specimens, talking with other scientists and collecting more information before he presented his theories. Some of Darwins ideas conflicted with widely held beliefs, including those from religious leaders. [SEP] Darwin returned to England
Unlike other naturalists before him, Darwin did not want to present any ideas unless he had strong evidence supporting them. Instead, once Darwin returned to England, he spent over twenty years examining specimens, talking with other scientists and collecting more information before he presented his theories. Some of Darwins ideas conflicted with widely held beliefs, including those from religious leaders. [SEP] he spent over twenty years examining specimens , talking with other scientists and collecting more information before he presented his theories .
Darwin and Wallace presented their theories and evidence in public together. Due to the large number of observations and conclusions he made, Darwin is mostly credited and associated with this theory. Alfred Wallace developed a similar theory of evolution by natural selection. [SEP] the large number of observations and conclusions
Darwin and Wallace presented their theories and evidence in public together. Due to the large number of observations and conclusions he made, Darwin is mostly credited and associated with this theory. Alfred Wallace developed a similar theory of evolution by natural selection. [SEP] he made , Darwin is mostly credited and associated with this theory .
Alfred Wallace developed a similar theory of evolution by natural selection. Imagine developing a theory that conflicted with widely held beliefs of the time, as Darwin did. Imagine pulling together material from all these different people, adding his own findings, and turning it all into his theory. [SEP] Darwin did .
Alfred Wallace developed a similar theory of evolution by natural selection. Imagine developing a theory that conflicted with widely held beliefs of the time, as Darwin did. Imagine pulling together material from all these different people, adding his own findings, and turning it all into his theory. [SEP] Alfred Wallace developed a similar theory of evolution by natural selection . Imagine developing a theory that conflicted with widely held beliefs of the time
This is called paralysis. Whether paralysis occursand what parts of the body are affected if it doesdepends on the location and seriousness of the injury. In addition to car crashes and sports injuries, diving accidents are a common cause of spinal cord injuries. [SEP] it doesdepends on the location and seriousness of the injury .
This is called paralysis. Whether paralysis occursand what parts of the body are affected if it doesdepends on the location and seriousness of the injury. In addition to car crashes and sports injuries, diving accidents are a common cause of spinal cord injuries. [SEP] paralysis occursand what parts of the body are affected
For example, scientists are trying to discover ways to regrow damaged spinal cord neurons. If you suspect that someone has a back or neck injury: dont move the injured person as permanent paralysis and other serious complications may result, call 911 or your local emergency medical assistance number, keep the person very still, place heavy towels on both sides of the neck or hold the head and neck to prevent them from moving, until emergency care arrives, provide basic first aid, such as stopping any bleeding and making the person comfortable, without moving the head or neck. Former "man of steel" Superman star Christopher Reeve (September 25, 1952 October 10, 2004) was paralyzed from the neck down in a fall from a horse. [SEP] you suspect that someone has a back or neck injury : dont move
For example, scientists are trying to discover ways to regrow damaged spinal cord neurons. If you suspect that someone has a back or neck injury: dont move the injured person as permanent paralysis and other serious complications may result, call 911 or your local emergency medical assistance number, keep the person very still, place heavy towels on both sides of the neck or hold the head and neck to prevent them from moving, until emergency care arrives, provide basic first aid, such as stopping any bleeding and making the person comfortable, without moving the head or neck. Former "man of steel" Superman star Christopher Reeve (September 25, 1952 October 10, 2004) was paralyzed from the neck down in a fall from a horse. [SEP] call 911 or your local emergency medical assistance number , keep the person very still ,
Former "man of steel" Superman star Christopher Reeve (September 25, 1952 October 10, 2004) was paralyzed from the neck down in a fall from a horse. The injury crushed his spinal cord so his brain could no longer communicate with his body.  [SEP] The injury crushed his spinal cord
Former "man of steel" Superman star Christopher Reeve (September 25, 1952 October 10, 2004) was paralyzed from the neck down in a fall from a horse. The injury crushed his spinal cord so his brain could no longer communicate with his body.  [SEP] his brain could no longer communicate with his body .
A single concussion is unlikely to cause permanent damage. But repeated concussions may lead to lasting problems. People who have had two or more concussions may have life-long difficulties with memory, learning, speech, or balance. [SEP] repeated concussions
A single concussion is unlikely to cause permanent damage. But repeated concussions may lead to lasting problems. People who have had two or more concussions may have life-long difficulties with memory, learning, speech, or balance. [SEP] lasting problems
People who have had two or more concussions may have life-long difficulties with memory, learning, speech, or balance. For this reason, concussions are treated very seriously among athletes and in professional sports. You can see an animation of how a concussion occurs by visiting  A person with a serious brain injury usually suffers permanent brain damage. [SEP] People who have had two or more concussions may have life-long difficulties with memory , learning , speech , or balance
People who have had two or more concussions may have life-long difficulties with memory, learning, speech, or balance. For this reason, concussions are treated very seriously among athletes and in professional sports. You can see an animation of how a concussion occurs by visiting  A person with a serious brain injury usually suffers permanent brain damage. [SEP] concussions are treated very seriously among athletes and in professional sports .
For this reason, concussions are treated very seriously among athletes and in professional sports. You can see an animation of how a concussion occurs by visiting  A person with a serious brain injury usually suffers permanent brain damage. These brain injuries usually occur when an external mechanical force, such as a violent blow or jolt to the head or body, causes brain dysfunction. [SEP] visiting A person with a serious brain injury usually suffers permanent brain damage
For this reason, concussions are treated very seriously among athletes and in professional sports. You can see an animation of how a concussion occurs by visiting  A person with a serious brain injury usually suffers permanent brain damage. These brain injuries usually occur when an external mechanical force, such as a violent blow or jolt to the head or body, causes brain dysfunction. [SEP] You can see an animation of how a concussion occurs
An object penetrating the skull, such as a bullet or a shattered piece of the skull, also can cause traumatic brain injury. As a result, the person may have trouble talking or controlling body movements. Symptoms depend on what part of the brain was injured. [SEP] An object penetrating the skull , such as a bullet or a shattered piece of the skull , also can cause traumatic brain injury
An object penetrating the skull, such as a bullet or a shattered piece of the skull, also can cause traumatic brain injury. As a result, the person may have trouble talking or controlling body movements. Symptoms depend on what part of the brain was injured. [SEP] the person may have trouble talking or controlling body movements .
Injuries to the central nervous system may damage tissues of the brain or spinal cord. If an injury is mild, a person may have a full recovery. If an injury is severe, it may cause permanent disability or even death. [SEP] an injury is mild
Injuries to the central nervous system may damage tissues of the brain or spinal cord. If an injury is mild, a person may have a full recovery. If an injury is severe, it may cause permanent disability or even death. [SEP] a person may have a full recovery .
If an injury is mild, a person may have a full recovery. If an injury is severe, it may cause permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur because of car crashes or sports accidents. [SEP] an injury is severe
If an injury is mild, a person may have a full recovery. If an injury is severe, it may cause permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur because of car crashes or sports accidents. [SEP] it may cause permanent disability or even death .
If an injury is severe, it may cause permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur because of car crashes or sports accidents. The best way to deal with such injuries is to try to prevent them. [SEP] Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur
If an injury is severe, it may cause permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur because of car crashes or sports accidents. The best way to deal with such injuries is to try to prevent them. [SEP] . The best way to deal with such injuries is to try to prevent them
Although hagfish belong to the subphylum Vertebrata, they do not technically have vertebrae (though they do have a skull), whereas lampreys do have vertebrae. For this reason, scientists still disagree on the classification of jawless fish. A hagfish. [SEP] Although hagfish belong to the subphylum Vertebrata , they do not technically have vertebrae -LRB- though they do have a skull -RRB- , whereas lampreys do have vertebrae
Although hagfish belong to the subphylum Vertebrata, they do not technically have vertebrae (though they do have a skull), whereas lampreys do have vertebrae. For this reason, scientists still disagree on the classification of jawless fish. A hagfish. [SEP] scientists still disagree on the classification of jawless fish .
The early jawless fish are thought to have relied on filter feeding to capture their food, and most likely would have sucked water and debris from the seafloor into their mouth, releasing water and waste out of their gills. As other sea life evolved, these jawless fish began to feed on other fish species, and are now considered a pest in their habitat. Lampreys have no natural predators. [SEP] other sea life evolved , these jawless fish began to feed on other fish species , and are now considered a pest in their habitat .
The early jawless fish are thought to have relied on filter feeding to capture their food, and most likely would have sucked water and debris from the seafloor into their mouth, releasing water and waste out of their gills. As other sea life evolved, these jawless fish began to feed on other fish species, and are now considered a pest in their habitat. Lampreys have no natural predators. [SEP] early jawless fish are thought to have relied on filter feeding to capture their food , and most likely would have sucked water and debris from the seafloor into their mouth , releasing water and waste out of their gills .
They are usually caused by excess bending stress on the bone. Bending stress is what causes a pencil to break if you bend it too far. Soon after a fracture, the body begins to repair the break. [SEP] you bend it too far .
They are usually caused by excess bending stress on the bone. Bending stress is what causes a pencil to break if you bend it too far. Soon after a fracture, the body begins to repair the break. [SEP] Bending stress is what causes a pencil to break
In such a case, a surgeon will piece a broken bone together with metal pins. Moving the broken pieces together will help keep the bone from moving and give the body a chance to repair the break. Below, a broken ulna has been repaired with pins ( Figure 1.2). [SEP] Moving the broken pieces together
In such a case, a surgeon will piece a broken bone together with metal pins. Moving the broken pieces together will help keep the bone from moving and give the body a chance to repair the break. Below, a broken ulna has been repaired with pins ( Figure 1.2). [SEP] will help keep the bone from moving and give the body a chance to repair the break
Below, a broken ulna has been repaired with pins ( Figure 1.2). The upper part of the ulna, just above the elbow joint, is broken, as you can see in the X-ray to the left. The x-ray to the right was taken after a surgeon inserted a system of pins and wires across the fracture to bring the two pieces of the ulna into close proximity. [SEP] you can see in the X-ray to the left .
Below, a broken ulna has been repaired with pins ( Figure 1.2). The upper part of the ulna, just above the elbow joint, is broken, as you can see in the X-ray to the left. The x-ray to the right was taken after a surgeon inserted a system of pins and wires across the fracture to bring the two pieces of the ulna into close proximity. [SEP] The upper part of the ulna , just above the elbow joint , is broken
Osteoarthritis occurs when the cartilage at the ends of the bones breaks down. The break down of the cartilage leads to pain and stiffness in the joint. Decreased movement of the joint because of the pain may lead to weakening of the muscles that normally move the joint, and the ligaments surrounding the joint may become loose. [SEP] the cartilage
Osteoarthritis occurs when the cartilage at the ends of the bones breaks down. The break down of the cartilage leads to pain and stiffness in the joint. Decreased movement of the joint because of the pain may lead to weakening of the muscles that normally move the joint, and the ligaments surrounding the joint may become loose. [SEP] pain and stiffness in the joint
The break down of the cartilage leads to pain and stiffness in the joint. Decreased movement of the joint because of the pain may lead to weakening of the muscles that normally move the joint, and the ligaments surrounding the joint may become loose. Osteoarthritis is the most common form of arthritis. [SEP] of the pain may lead to weakening of the muscles that normally move the joint
The break down of the cartilage leads to pain and stiffness in the joint. Decreased movement of the joint because of the pain may lead to weakening of the muscles that normally move the joint, and the ligaments surrounding the joint may become loose. Osteoarthritis is the most common form of arthritis. [SEP] and the ligaments surrounding the joint may become loose .
The break down of the cartilage leads to pain and stiffness in the joint. Decreased movement of the joint because of the pain may lead to weakening of the muscles that normally move the joint, and the ligaments surrounding the joint may become loose. Osteoarthritis is the most common form of arthritis. [SEP] the pain
The break down of the cartilage leads to pain and stiffness in the joint. Decreased movement of the joint because of the pain may lead to weakening of the muscles that normally move the joint, and the ligaments surrounding the joint may become loose. Osteoarthritis is the most common form of arthritis. [SEP] weakening of the muscles that normally move the joint
 You can help keep your bones and skeletal system healthy by eating well and getting enough exercise. Weight- bearing exercises help keep bones strong. [SEP] eating well and getting enough exercise
 You can help keep your bones and skeletal system healthy by eating well and getting enough exercise. Weight- bearing exercises help keep bones strong. [SEP] You can help keep your bones and skeletal system healthy
Such activities include basketball, tennis, gymnastics, karate, running, and walking. When the body is exercised regularly by performing weight-bearing activity, bones respond by adding more bone cells to increase their bone density.  [SEP] performing weight-bearing activity
Such activities include basketball, tennis, gymnastics, karate, running, and walking. When the body is exercised regularly by performing weight-bearing activity, bones respond by adding more bone cells to increase their bone density.  [SEP] , bones respond by adding more bone cells to increase their bone density .
 Did you know that what you eat as a teenager can affect how healthy your skeletal system will be in 30, 40, and even 50 years? Calcium and vitamin D are two of the most important nutrients for a healthy skeletal system. [SEP] a teenager can affect how healthy your skeletal system will be in 30 , 40 , and even 50 years ?
 Did you know that what you eat as a teenager can affect how healthy your skeletal system will be in 30, 40, and even 50 years? Calcium and vitamin D are two of the most important nutrients for a healthy skeletal system. [SEP] you know that what you eat
Your bones need calcium to grow properly. If you do not get enough calcium in your diet as a teenager, your bones may become weak and break easily later in life. Osteoporosis is a disease in which bones lose mass and become more fragile than they should be. [SEP] a teenager , your bones may become weak and break easily later in life .
Your bones need calcium to grow properly. If you do not get enough calcium in your diet as a teenager, your bones may become weak and break easily later in life. Osteoporosis is a disease in which bones lose mass and become more fragile than they should be. [SEP] you do not get enough calcium in your diet
Getting enough calcium in your daily diet is important for good bone health. Vitamin D is unusual since you dont have to rely on your diet alone to get enough of this vitamin. Your skin makes vitamin D when exposed to sunlight. [SEP] you dont have to rely on your diet alone to get enough of this vitamin .
Getting enough calcium in your daily diet is important for good bone health. Vitamin D is unusual since you dont have to rely on your diet alone to get enough of this vitamin. Your skin makes vitamin D when exposed to sunlight. [SEP] Vitamin D is unusual
Pigments in the skin act like a filter that can prevent the skin from making vitamin D. As a result, people with darker skin need more time in the sun than people with lighter skin to make the same amount of vitamin D. You can also get vitamin D from foods. [SEP] that can prevent the skin from making vitamin D.
Pigments in the skin act like a filter that can prevent the skin from making vitamin D. As a result, people with darker skin need more time in the sun than people with lighter skin to make the same amount of vitamin D. You can also get vitamin D from foods. [SEP] people with darker skin need more time in the sun than people with lighter skin to make the same amount of vitamin D.
Preventing injuries to your bones and ligaments is easier and much less painful than treating an injury. Wearing the correct safety equipment when performing activities that require such equipment can help prevent many common injuries. For example, wearing a bicycle helmet can help prevent a skull injury if you fall. [SEP] such equipment
Preventing injuries to your bones and ligaments is easier and much less painful than treating an injury. Wearing the correct safety equipment when performing activities that require such equipment can help prevent many common injuries. For example, wearing a bicycle helmet can help prevent a skull injury if you fall. [SEP] injuries to your bones and ligaments is easier and much less painful than treating an injury . Wearing the correct safety equipment when performing activities
Wearing the correct safety equipment when performing activities that require such equipment can help prevent many common injuries. For example, wearing a bicycle helmet can help prevent a skull injury if you fall. Warming up and cooling down properly can help prevent ligament and muscle injuries. [SEP] you fall .
Wearing the correct safety equipment when performing activities that require such equipment can help prevent many common injuries. For example, wearing a bicycle helmet can help prevent a skull injury if you fall. Warming up and cooling down properly can help prevent ligament and muscle injuries. [SEP] example , wearing a bicycle helmet can help prevent a skull injury
For example, wearing a bicycle helmet can help prevent a skull injury if you fall. Warming up and cooling down properly can help prevent ligament and muscle injuries. Stretching before and after activity also helps prevent injuries. [SEP] Warming up and cooling down properly
For example, wearing a bicycle helmet can help prevent a skull injury if you fall. Warming up and cooling down properly can help prevent ligament and muscle injuries. Stretching before and after activity also helps prevent injuries. [SEP] can help prevent ligament and muscle injuries
Acne may result from too much sebum produced by the follicle, dead skin cells accumulating in the pore, or bacteria built up in the pore. Cleaning your skin daily with a mild soap to remove excess oil and dirt can help prevent acne. Cold Sores Cold sores are red, fluid-filled blisters that appear near the mouth or on other areas of the face, usually caused by herpes simplex virus type 1. [SEP] Cleaning your skin daily with a mild soap to remove excess oil and dirt
Acne may result from too much sebum produced by the follicle, dead skin cells accumulating in the pore, or bacteria built up in the pore. Cleaning your skin daily with a mild soap to remove excess oil and dirt can help prevent acne. Cold Sores Cold sores are red, fluid-filled blisters that appear near the mouth or on other areas of the face, usually caused by herpes simplex virus type 1. [SEP] can help prevent acne
Visible sores are contagious, but herpes may be spread even when sores cant be seen. You can catch the herpes simplex virus through kissing, sharing cosmetics, or sharing food with infected individuals. Once you catch herpes simplex virus, it cant be cured. [SEP] kissing , sharing cosmetics , or sharing food with infected individuals
Visible sores are contagious, but herpes may be spread even when sores cant be seen. You can catch the herpes simplex virus through kissing, sharing cosmetics, or sharing food with infected individuals. Once you catch herpes simplex virus, it cant be cured. [SEP] You can catch the herpes simplex virus
You can catch the herpes simplex virus through kissing, sharing cosmetics, or sharing food with infected individuals. Once you catch herpes simplex virus, it cant be cured. Even after sores have healed, the virus remains in your body, and new cold sores can appear at any time. [SEP] you catch herpes simplex virus
You can catch the herpes simplex virus through kissing, sharing cosmetics, or sharing food with infected individuals. Once you catch herpes simplex virus, it cant be cured. Even after sores have healed, the virus remains in your body, and new cold sores can appear at any time. [SEP] it cant be cured .
 Keeping your skin clean is important because dirty skin is more prone to infection. Bathing every day helps to keep your skin clean and healthy. [SEP] dirty skin is more prone to infection .
 Keeping your skin clean is important because dirty skin is more prone to infection. Bathing every day helps to keep your skin clean and healthy. [SEP] Keeping your skin clean is important
Light-skinned people, like the man pictured below ( Figure 1.1), get sunburned more quickly than people with darker skin. This is because pigments (melanin) in the skin act as a natural sunblock that help to protect the body from UV radiation. With over one million new cases each year, skin cancer, which is cancer that forms in the tissues of the skin, is the most common form of human cancer. [SEP] pigments -LRB- melanin -RRB- in the skin act as a natural sunblock that help to protect the body from UV radiation .
Light-skinned people, like the man pictured below ( Figure 1.1), get sunburned more quickly than people with darker skin. This is because pigments (melanin) in the skin act as a natural sunblock that help to protect the body from UV radiation. With over one million new cases each year, skin cancer, which is cancer that forms in the tissues of the skin, is the most common form of human cancer. [SEP] Light-skinned people , like the man pictured below -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- , get sunburned more quickly than people with darker skin
Some of these tumors are very difficult to cure. For this reason you should always wear sunscreen with a high sun protection factor (SPF), a hat, and clothing when out in the sun. Sunburn is caused by overexposure to UV rays. [SEP] Some of these tumors are very difficult to cure
Some of these tumors are very difficult to cure. For this reason you should always wear sunscreen with a high sun protection factor (SPF), a hat, and clothing when out in the sun. Sunburn is caused by overexposure to UV rays. [SEP] you should always wear sunscreen with a high sun protection factor -LRB- SPF -RRB- , a hat , and clothing when out in the sun .
Sunburn is caused by overexposure to UV rays. Getting sunburned as a child or a teen, especially sunburn that causes blistering, increases the risk of developing skin cancer later in life.  [SEP] Getting sunburned as a child or a teen
Sunburn is caused by overexposure to UV rays. Getting sunburned as a child or a teen, especially sunburn that causes blistering, increases the risk of developing skin cancer later in life.  [SEP] especially sunburn that causes blistering , increases the risk of developing skin cancer later in life .
 Your skin is your largest organ and constantly protects you from infections, so keeping your skin healthy is a good idea.  [SEP] Your skin is your largest organ and constantly protects you from infections
 Your skin is your largest organ and constantly protects you from infections, so keeping your skin healthy is a good idea.  [SEP] keeping your skin healthy is a good idea .
The nervous system is such an important part of your body. You want it to work at its best so that you can be at your best. Your nervous system contains what is probably the most important part of your body, which, of course, is your brain. [SEP] You want it to work at its best
The nervous system is such an important part of your body. You want it to work at its best so that you can be at your best. Your nervous system contains what is probably the most important part of your body, which, of course, is your brain. [SEP] you can be at your best .
These fats may improve memory and increase learning and intelligence. Water is also important for the nervous system, so drink plenty of water and other fluids. This helps prevent dehydration, which can cause confusion and memory problems. [SEP] Water is also important for the nervous system
These fats may improve memory and increase learning and intelligence. Water is also important for the nervous system, so drink plenty of water and other fluids. This helps prevent dehydration, which can cause confusion and memory problems. [SEP] drink plenty of water and other fluids .
And get plenty of rest. Your brain requires plenty of rest so it can strengthen circuits that help with memory. A good nights sleep will help keep your brain functioning at its best. [SEP] Your brain requires plenty of rest
And get plenty of rest. Your brain requires plenty of rest so it can strengthen circuits that help with memory. A good nights sleep will help keep your brain functioning at its best. [SEP] it can strengthen circuits that help with memory .
Regular exercise makes your heart more efficient at pumping blood to your brain. As a result, your brain gets more oxygen, which it needs to function normally. The saying use it or lose it applies to your brain as well as your body. [SEP] Regular exercise makes your heart more efficient at pumping blood to your brain
Regular exercise makes your heart more efficient at pumping blood to your brain. As a result, your brain gets more oxygen, which it needs to function normally. The saying use it or lose it applies to your brain as well as your body. [SEP] your brain gets more oxygen , which it needs to function normally .
This means that mental activity, not just physical activity, is important for nervous system health. Doing crossword puzzles, reading, and playing a musical instrument are just a few ways you can keep your brain active. You can also choose to practice safe behaviors to protect your nervous system from injury. [SEP] Doing crossword puzzles , reading , and playing a musical instrument
This means that mental activity, not just physical activity, is important for nervous system health. Doing crossword puzzles, reading, and playing a musical instrument are just a few ways you can keep your brain active. You can also choose to practice safe behaviors to protect your nervous system from injury. [SEP] are just a few ways you can keep your brain active .
To keep your nervous system safe, choose to: Bicycle helmets help protect from head injuries. Making healthy choices like this can help prevent nervous system injuries that could cause lifelong disability. Furthermore, make sure to exercise your nervous system on a daily basis. [SEP] Making healthy choices like this
To keep your nervous system safe, choose to: Bicycle helmets help protect from head injuries. Making healthy choices like this can help prevent nervous system injuries that could cause lifelong disability. Furthermore, make sure to exercise your nervous system on a daily basis. [SEP] can help prevent nervous system injuries that could cause lifelong disability
Spend a few minutes each day writing on paper as neatly as you can. This takes a lot more effort on the part of the nervous system than typing on a keyboard, as typing on a keyboard doesnt require as much fine motor control as writing on paper. If you dont want to write, then draw. [SEP] typing on a keyboard doesnt require as much fine motor control
Spend a few minutes each day writing on paper as neatly as you can. This takes a lot more effort on the part of the nervous system than typing on a keyboard, as typing on a keyboard doesnt require as much fine motor control as writing on paper. If you dont want to write, then draw. [SEP] This takes a lot more effort on the part of the nervous system than typing on a keyboard
This takes a lot more effort on the part of the nervous system than typing on a keyboard, as typing on a keyboard doesnt require as much fine motor control as writing on paper. If you dont want to write, then draw. Drawing with precision also requires use of all the major components of the sensory and motor divisions of the nervous system. [SEP] you dont want to write
This takes a lot more effort on the part of the nervous system than typing on a keyboard, as typing on a keyboard doesnt require as much fine motor control as writing on paper. If you dont want to write, then draw. Drawing with precision also requires use of all the major components of the sensory and motor divisions of the nervous system. [SEP] draw .
One of the most important roles of ADH is to control the bodys ability to hold onto water. If a person does not drink enough water, ADH is released. It causes the blood to reabsorb water from the kidneys. [SEP] a person does not drink enough water
One of the most important roles of ADH is to control the bodys ability to hold onto water. If a person does not drink enough water, ADH is released. It causes the blood to reabsorb water from the kidneys. [SEP] ADH is released .
If the kidneys remove less water from the blood, what will the urine look like? It will look darker, because there is less water in it. When a person drinks a lot of water, then there will be a lot of water in the blood. [SEP] there is less water in it .
If the kidneys remove less water from the blood, what will the urine look like? It will look darker, because there is less water in it. When a person drinks a lot of water, then there will be a lot of water in the blood. [SEP] It will look darker
The pituitary gland will then release a lower amount of ADH into the blood. This means less water will be reabsorbed by the blood. The kidneys then produce a large volume of urine. [SEP] The pituitary gland will then release a lower amount of ADH into the blood
The pituitary gland will then release a lower amount of ADH into the blood. This means less water will be reabsorbed by the blood. The kidneys then produce a large volume of urine. [SEP] less water
The stretchy walls allow the bladder to hold a large amount of urine. The bladder can hold about 1 12 to 2 21 cups of urine but may also hold more if the urine cannot be released immediately. How do you know when you have to urinate? [SEP] the urine can not be released immediately .
The stretchy walls allow the bladder to hold a large amount of urine. The bladder can hold about 1 12 to 2 21 cups of urine but may also hold more if the urine cannot be released immediately. How do you know when you have to urinate? [SEP] The bladder can hold about 1 12 to 2 21 cups of urine but may also hold more
Nerves in the bladder tell you when it is time to urinate. As the bladder first fills with urine, you may notice a feeling that you need to urinate. The urge to urinate becomes stronger as the bladder continues to fill up. [SEP] the bladder first fills with urine , you may notice a feeling that you need to urinate .
Nerves in the bladder tell you when it is time to urinate. As the bladder first fills with urine, you may notice a feeling that you need to urinate. The urge to urinate becomes stronger as the bladder continues to fill up. [SEP] Nerves in the bladder tell you when it is time to urinate .
As the bladder first fills with urine, you may notice a feeling that you need to urinate. The urge to urinate becomes stronger as the bladder continues to fill up. The location of nephrons in the kidney. [SEP] the bladder continues to fill up .
As the bladder first fills with urine, you may notice a feeling that you need to urinate. The urge to urinate becomes stronger as the bladder continues to fill up. The location of nephrons in the kidney. [SEP] The urge to urinate becomes stronger
Structures of the kidney; fluid leaks from the capillaries and into the nephrons where the fluid forms urine then moves to the ureter and on to the bladder. Nitrogen-containing wastes, together with water and other wastes, form the urine as it passes through the nephrons and the kidney. The fluid within nephrons is carried out into a larger tube in the kidney called a ureter, which carries it to the bladder ( Figure 1.2). [SEP] it passes through the nephrons and the kidney .
Structures of the kidney; fluid leaks from the capillaries and into the nephrons where the fluid forms urine then moves to the ureter and on to the bladder. Nitrogen-containing wastes, together with water and other wastes, form the urine as it passes through the nephrons and the kidney. The fluid within nephrons is carried out into a larger tube in the kidney called a ureter, which carries it to the bladder ( Figure 1.2). [SEP] Nitrogen-containing wastes , together with water and other wastes , form the urine
The fluid within nephrons is carried out into a larger tube in the kidney called a ureter, which carries it to the bladder ( Figure 1.2). The kidneys never stop filtering waste products from the blood, so they are always producing urine. The amount of urine your kidneys produce is dependent on the amount of fluid in your body. [SEP] The kidneys never stop filtering waste products from the blood
The fluid within nephrons is carried out into a larger tube in the kidney called a ureter, which carries it to the bladder ( Figure 1.2). The kidneys never stop filtering waste products from the blood, so they are always producing urine. The amount of urine your kidneys produce is dependent on the amount of fluid in your body. [SEP] they are always producing urine .
The water and other fluids you drink every day help to replace the lost water. This water ends up circulating in the blood because blood plasma is mostly water.  [SEP] blood plasma is mostly water .
The water and other fluids you drink every day help to replace the lost water. This water ends up circulating in the blood because blood plasma is mostly water.  [SEP] This water ends up circulating in the blood
During the light reactions, water is used and oxygen is produced. These reactions can only occur during daylight as the process needs sunlight to begin.  [SEP] the process needs sunlight to begin .
During the light reactions, water is used and oxygen is produced. These reactions can only occur during daylight as the process needs sunlight to begin.  [SEP] These reactions can only occur during daylight
The products of photosynthesis are glucose and oxygen. This means they are produced at the end of photosynthesis. Glucose, the food of plants, can be used to store energy in the form of large carbohydrate molecules. [SEP] The products of photosynthesis are glucose and oxygen
The products of photosynthesis are glucose and oxygen. This means they are produced at the end of photosynthesis. Glucose, the food of plants, can be used to store energy in the form of large carbohydrate molecules. [SEP] they
It is released into the atmosphere through the stomata. As you know, animals need oxygen to live. Without photosynthetic organisms like plants, there would not be enough oxygen in the atmosphere for animals to survive. [SEP] you know , animals need oxygen to live .
It is released into the atmosphere through the stomata. As you know, animals need oxygen to live. Without photosynthetic organisms like plants, there would not be enough oxygen in the atmosphere for animals to survive. [SEP] It is released into the atmosphere through the stomata .
(O2 ). Using chemical symbols, the equation is represented as follows: 6CO2 [SEP] Using chemical symbols
(O2 ). Using chemical symbols, the equation is represented as follows: 6CO2 [SEP] the equation is represented as follows :
Chloroplasts are one of the main differences between plant and animal cells. Animal cells do not have chloroplasts, so they cannot photosynthesize. Photosynthesis occurs in two stages. [SEP] Animal cells do not have chloroplasts
Chloroplasts are one of the main differences between plant and animal cells. Animal cells do not have chloroplasts, so they cannot photosynthesize. Photosynthesis occurs in two stages. [SEP] they can not photosynthesize .
 If there are 12 hamburgers at a lunch table and 24 people sit down at a lunch table, will everyone be able to eat? At first, maybe you will split hamburgers in half, but if more and more people keep coming to sit at the lunch table, you will not be able to feed everyone. [SEP] there are 12 hamburgers at a lunch table and 24 people sit down at a lunch table
 If there are 12 hamburgers at a lunch table and 24 people sit down at a lunch table, will everyone be able to eat? At first, maybe you will split hamburgers in half, but if more and more people keep coming to sit at the lunch table, you will not be able to feed everyone. [SEP] will everyone be able to eat ?
If there are 12 hamburgers at a lunch table and 24 people sit down at a lunch table, will everyone be able to eat? At first, maybe you will split hamburgers in half, but if more and more people keep coming to sit at the lunch table, you will not be able to feed everyone. This is what happens in nature. [SEP] more and more people keep coming to sit at the lunch table
If there are 12 hamburgers at a lunch table and 24 people sit down at a lunch table, will everyone be able to eat? At first, maybe you will split hamburgers in half, but if more and more people keep coming to sit at the lunch table, you will not be able to feed everyone. This is what happens in nature. [SEP] you will not be able to feed everyone .
In nature, when the population size is small, there is usually plenty of food and other resources for each individual. When there is plenty of food and other resources, organisms can easily reproduce, so the birth rate is high. As the population increases, the food supply, or the supply of another necessary resource, may decrease. [SEP] When there is plenty of food and other resources , organisms can easily reproduce
In nature, when the population size is small, there is usually plenty of food and other resources for each individual. When there is plenty of food and other resources, organisms can easily reproduce, so the birth rate is high. As the population increases, the food supply, or the supply of another necessary resource, may decrease. [SEP] the birth rate is high .
When there is plenty of food and other resources, organisms can easily reproduce, so the birth rate is high. As the population increases, the food supply, or the supply of another necessary resource, may decrease. When necessary resources, such as food, decrease, some individuals will die. [SEP] the population increases , the food supply , or the supply of another necessary resource , may decrease .
When there is plenty of food and other resources, organisms can easily reproduce, so the birth rate is high. As the population increases, the food supply, or the supply of another necessary resource, may decrease. When necessary resources, such as food, decrease, some individuals will die. [SEP] the birth rate is high .
When necessary resources, such as food, decrease, some individuals will die. Overall, the population cannot reproduce at the same rate, so the birth rates drop. This will cause the population growth rate to decrease. [SEP] Overall , the population can not reproduce at the same rate
When necessary resources, such as food, decrease, some individuals will die. Overall, the population cannot reproduce at the same rate, so the birth rates drop. This will cause the population growth rate to decrease. [SEP] the birth rates drop . This will cause the population growth rate to decrease
When organisms face limiting factors, they show logistic growth (S-shaped curve, curve B: Figure 1.1). Compe- tition for resources like food and space cause the growth rate to stop increasing, so the population levels off. This flat upper line on a growth curve is the carrying capacity. [SEP] Compe - tition for resources like food and space cause the growth rate to stop increasing
When organisms face limiting factors, they show logistic growth (S-shaped curve, curve B: Figure 1.1). Compe- tition for resources like food and space cause the growth rate to stop increasing, so the population levels off. This flat upper line on a growth curve is the carrying capacity. [SEP] the population levels off . This flat upper line on a growth curve is the carrying capacity
It shows the organs from the side. Find each organ in the drawing as you read about it in the text. The two testes (singular, testis) are egg-shaped organs. [SEP] you read about it in the text .
It shows the organs from the side. Find each organ in the drawing as you read about it in the text. The two testes (singular, testis) are egg-shaped organs. [SEP] It shows the organs from the side . Find each organ in the drawing
The epididymis is a tube that is about six meters (20 feet) long in adults. It is tightly coiled, so it fits inside the scrotum. It rests on top of the testes. [SEP] It is tightly coiled
The epididymis is a tube that is about six meters (20 feet) long in adults. It is tightly coiled, so it fits inside the scrotum. It rests on top of the testes. [SEP] it fits inside the scrotum .
Regular body cells are diploid, having two set of chromosomes. As there are 46 chromosomes in a diploid human cell, how many are in a human sperm cell? When males grow older, they produce millions of sperm each day. [SEP] there are 46 chromosomes in a diploid human cell , how many are in a human sperm
Regular body cells are diploid, having two set of chromosomes. As there are 46 chromosomes in a diploid human cell, how many are in a human sperm cell? When males grow older, they produce millions of sperm each day. [SEP] Regular body cells are diploid , having two set of chromosomes .
The egg is swept into the fallopian tube. If sperm is present, fertilization may occur. As sperm can only survive in the fallopian tube for up to a few days, fertilization can only occur within those few days post-ovulation. [SEP] sperm is present
The egg is swept into the fallopian tube. If sperm is present, fertilization may occur. As sperm can only survive in the fallopian tube for up to a few days, fertilization can only occur within those few days post-ovulation. [SEP] fertilization may occur .
If sperm is present, fertilization may occur. As sperm can only survive in the fallopian tube for up to a few days, fertilization can only occur within those few days post-ovulation. If the egg is fertilized, the egg makes its way through the fallopian tube into the uterus, where it imbeds into the thick lining. [SEP] sperm can only survive in the fallopian tube for up to a few days , fertilization can only occur within those few days post-ovulation .
If sperm is present, fertilization may occur. As sperm can only survive in the fallopian tube for up to a few days, fertilization can only occur within those few days post-ovulation. If the egg is fertilized, the egg makes its way through the fallopian tube into the uterus, where it imbeds into the thick lining. [SEP] If sperm is present , fertilization may occur .
As sperm can only survive in the fallopian tube for up to a few days, fertilization can only occur within those few days post-ovulation. If the egg is fertilized, the egg makes its way through the fallopian tube into the uterus, where it imbeds into the thick lining. When this occurs, the monthly cycle stops. [SEP] the egg is fertilized
As sperm can only survive in the fallopian tube for up to a few days, fertilization can only occur within those few days post-ovulation. If the egg is fertilized, the egg makes its way through the fallopian tube into the uterus, where it imbeds into the thick lining. When this occurs, the monthly cycle stops. [SEP] the egg makes its way through the fallopian tube into the uterus , where it imbeds into the thick lining .
The monthly cycle does not resume until the pregnancy is over. If a sperm does not enter an egg, the lining of the uterus breaks down. Blood and other tissues from the lining break off from the uterus. [SEP] a sperm does not enter an egg
The monthly cycle does not resume until the pregnancy is over. If a sperm does not enter an egg, the lining of the uterus breaks down. Blood and other tissues from the lining break off from the uterus. [SEP] the lining of the uterus breaks down .
 Some modern microscopes use light, as Hookes and van Leeuwenhoeks did. Others may use electron beams or sound waves. [SEP] Hookes and van Leeuwenhoeks did .
 Some modern microscopes use light, as Hookes and van Leeuwenhoeks did. Others may use electron beams or sound waves. [SEP] Some modern microscopes use light
In one of his early experiments, van Leeuwenhoek took a sample of scum from his own teeth and used his microscope to discover bacteria, the smallest living organism on the planet. Using microscopes, van Leeuwenhoek also discovered one-celled protists and sperm cells. Today, microscopes are used by all types of scientists, including cell biologists, microbiologists, virologists, forensic scientists, entomologists, taxonomists, and many other types. [SEP] Using microscopes
In one of his early experiments, van Leeuwenhoek took a sample of scum from his own teeth and used his microscope to discover bacteria, the smallest living organism on the planet. Using microscopes, van Leeuwenhoek also discovered one-celled protists and sperm cells. Today, microscopes are used by all types of scientists, including cell biologists, microbiologists, virologists, forensic scientists, entomologists, taxonomists, and many other types. [SEP] van Leeuwenhoek also discovered one-celled protists and sperm cells .
In most species, a muscular foot, which helps the mollusk move. Some mollusks use the foot for burrowing into the sand, and others use it for jet-propulsion. 3. [SEP] burrowing into the sand
In most species, a muscular foot, which helps the mollusk move. Some mollusks use the foot for burrowing into the sand, and others use it for jet-propulsion. 3. [SEP] Some mollusks use the foot
This phylum includes the earthworm and leech. Scientists believe these two groups are related because, when they are in the early stage of development, they look very similar. Mollusks also share features of their organ systems with segmented worms. [SEP] , when they are in the early stage of development
This phylum includes the earthworm and leech. Scientists believe these two groups are related because, when they are in the early stage of development, they look very similar. Mollusks also share features of their organ systems with segmented worms. [SEP] they look very similar .
These are exercises that cause your heart to beat faster and allow your muscles to use oxygen to contract. If you exercise aerobically, overtime, your muscles will not get easily tired, and you will use oxygen more efficiently. Aerobic exercise (Figure 1.2) also helps improve cardiac muscle. [SEP] you exercise aerobically
These are exercises that cause your heart to beat faster and allow your muscles to use oxygen to contract. If you exercise aerobically, overtime, your muscles will not get easily tired, and you will use oxygen more efficiently. Aerobic exercise (Figure 1.2) also helps improve cardiac muscle. [SEP] overtime , your muscles will not get easily tired , and you
A warm up is a slow increase in the intensity of a physical activity that prepares muscles for an activity. Warming up increases the blood flow to the muscles and increases the heart rate. Warmed-up muscles and tendons are less likely to get injured. [SEP] Warming up
A warm up is a slow increase in the intensity of a physical activity that prepares muscles for an activity. Warming up increases the blood flow to the muscles and increases the heart rate. Warmed-up muscles and tendons are less likely to get injured. [SEP] increases the blood flow to the muscles and increases the heart rate .
Injuries can also be prevented by proper rest and recovery. If you do not get enough rest, your body will become injured and will not react well to exercise, or improve. You can also rest by doing a different activity. [SEP] you do not get enough rest
Injuries can also be prevented by proper rest and recovery. If you do not get enough rest, your body will become injured and will not react well to exercise, or improve. You can also rest by doing a different activity. [SEP] your body will become injured and will not react well to exercise , or improve .
If you do not get enough rest, your body will become injured and will not react well to exercise, or improve. You can also rest by doing a different activity. For example, if you run, you can rest your running muscles and joints by swimming. [SEP] doing a different activity
If you do not get enough rest, your body will become injured and will not react well to exercise, or improve. You can also rest by doing a different activity. For example, if you run, you can rest your running muscles and joints by swimming. [SEP] You can also rest
You can also rest by doing a different activity. For example, if you run, you can rest your running muscles and joints by swimming. Warming up before the game helps the players avoid injuries. [SEP] you run
You can also rest by doing a different activity. For example, if you run, you can rest your running muscles and joints by swimming. Warming up before the game helps the players avoid injuries. [SEP] you can rest your running muscles and joints by swimming .
Tendons are similar to ligaments, except that ligaments join bones to each other. Muscles move the body by contracting against the skeleton. When muscles contract, they get shorter. [SEP] contracting against the skeleton
Tendons are similar to ligaments, except that ligaments join bones to each other. Muscles move the body by contracting against the skeleton. When muscles contract, they get shorter. [SEP] Muscles move the body
They cannot actively extend, though they can move or relax back into the non-contracted neutral position. Therefore, to move bones in opposite directions, pairs of muscles must work in opposition. Each muscle in the pair works against the other to move bones at the joints of the body. [SEP] They can not actively extend , though they can move or relax back into the non-contracted neutral position
They cannot actively extend, though they can move or relax back into the non-contracted neutral position. Therefore, to move bones in opposite directions, pairs of muscles must work in opposition. Each muscle in the pair works against the other to move bones at the joints of the body. [SEP] to move bones in opposite directions , pairs of muscles must work in opposition .
 If a single base is deleted (called a deletion, which is also a point mutation), there can be huge effects on the organism, because this may cause a frameshift mutation. Remember that the bases in the mRNA are read in groups of three by the tRNA. [SEP] this may cause a frameshift mutation .
 If a single base is deleted (called a deletion, which is also a point mutation), there can be huge effects on the organism, because this may cause a frameshift mutation. Remember that the bases in the mRNA are read in groups of three by the tRNA. [SEP] If a single base is deleted -LRB- called a deletion , which is also a point mutation -RRB- , there can be huge effects on the organism
 If a single base is deleted (called a deletion, which is also a point mutation), there can be huge effects on the organism, because this may cause a frameshift mutation. Remember that the bases in the mRNA are read in groups of three by the tRNA. [SEP] a single base is deleted -LRB- called a deletion
 If a single base is deleted (called a deletion, which is also a point mutation), there can be huge effects on the organism, because this may cause a frameshift mutation. Remember that the bases in the mRNA are read in groups of three by the tRNA. [SEP] which is also a point mutation -RRB- , there can be huge effects on the organism
Remember that the bases in the mRNA are read in groups of three by the tRNA. If the reading frame is off by even one base, the resulting sequence will consist of an entirely different set of codons. The reading of an mRNA is like reading three-letter words of a sentence. [SEP] the reading frame is off by even one base
Remember that the bases in the mRNA are read in groups of three by the tRNA. If the reading frame is off by even one base, the resulting sequence will consist of an entirely different set of codons. The reading of an mRNA is like reading three-letter words of a sentence. [SEP] the resulting sequence will consist of an entirely different set of codons .
If you take out the second letter from "big," the frame will be shifted so now it will read: The bgd oga tet her edc at. [SEP] If you take out the second letter from `` big , '' the frame will be shifted
If you take out the second letter from "big," the frame will be shifted so now it will read: The bgd oga tet her edc at. [SEP] now it will read :
Deletion: When a segment of DNA is lost, so there is a missing segment in the chromosome. These usually result in many genes missing from the chromosome. [SEP] When a segment of DNA is lost
Deletion: When a segment of DNA is lost, so there is a missing segment in the chromosome. These usually result in many genes missing from the chromosome. [SEP] there is a missing segment in the chromosome .
Small changes in the DNA sequence are usually point mutations, which is a change in a single nucleotide. Once DNA has a mutation, that mutation will be copied each time the DNA replicates. After cell division, each resulting cell will carry the mutation. [SEP] DNA has a mutation
Small changes in the DNA sequence are usually point mutations, which is a change in a single nucleotide. Once DNA has a mutation, that mutation will be copied each time the DNA replicates. After cell division, each resulting cell will carry the mutation. [SEP] that mutation will be copied each time the DNA replicates .
For example, suppose a mutation in an animals DNA causes the loss of an enzyme that makes a dark pigment in the animals skin. If the population of animals has moved to a light colored environment, the animals with the mutant gene would have a lighter skin color and be better camouflaged. So in this case, the mutation is beneficial. [SEP] the population of animals has moved to a light colored environment
For example, suppose a mutation in an animals DNA causes the loss of an enzyme that makes a dark pigment in the animals skin. If the population of animals has moved to a light colored environment, the animals with the mutant gene would have a lighter skin color and be better camouflaged. So in this case, the mutation is beneficial. [SEP] the animals with the mutant gene would have a lighter skin color and be better camouflaged .
If the population of animals has moved to a light colored environment, the animals with the mutant gene would have a lighter skin color and be better camouflaged. So in this case, the mutation is beneficial.  [SEP] If the population of animals has moved to a light colored environment , the animals with the mutant gene would have a lighter skin color and be better camouflaged
If the population of animals has moved to a light colored environment, the animals with the mutant gene would have a lighter skin color and be better camouflaged. So in this case, the mutation is beneficial.  [SEP] in this case , the mutation is beneficial .
Fingernails and toenails both grow from nail beds. As the nail grows, more cells are added at the nail bed. Older cells get pushed away from the nail bed and the nail grows longer. [SEP] the nail grows , more cells are added at the nail bed .
Fingernails and toenails both grow from nail beds. As the nail grows, more cells are added at the nail bed. Older cells get pushed away from the nail bed and the nail grows longer. [SEP] Fingernails and toenails both grow from nail beds .
The record is 28 feet (850 cm) for all nails of both hands, with the longest nail on her right thumb at 2 feet 11 inches. Since adult nails grow at about 3 mm a month (1/10 of an inch), how long would it take to grow such long nails?  [SEP] adult nails grow at about 3 mm a
The record is 28 feet (850 cm) for all nails of both hands, with the longest nail on her right thumb at 2 feet 11 inches. Since adult nails grow at about 3 mm a month (1/10 of an inch), how long would it take to grow such long nails?  [SEP] how long would it take to grow such long
Eyebrows stop salty sweat and rain from flowing into the eye. The worlds longest documented hair, according to Guinness World Records, belongs to Xie Qiuping of China at just under 18 feet 6 inches (5.627 m) when measured on May 8, 2004. She had been growing her hair since 1973 when she was 13 years old. [SEP] Guinness World Records
Eyebrows stop salty sweat and rain from flowing into the eye. The worlds longest documented hair, according to Guinness World Records, belongs to Xie Qiuping of China at just under 18 feet 6 inches (5.627 m) when measured on May 8, 2004. She had been growing her hair since 1973 when she was 13 years old. [SEP] belongs to Xie Qiuping of China at just under 18 feet 6 inches -LRB- 5.627 m -RRB- when measured on May 8 , 2004 .
The worlds longest documented hair, according to Guinness World Records, belongs to Xie Qiuping of China at just under 18 feet 6 inches (5.627 m) when measured on May 8, 2004. She had been growing her hair since 1973 when she was 13 years old.  [SEP] 1973 when she was 13
The worlds longest documented hair, according to Guinness World Records, belongs to Xie Qiuping of China at just under 18 feet 6 inches (5.627 m) when measured on May 8, 2004. She had been growing her hair since 1973 when she was 13 years old.  [SEP] She had been growing her hair
Her heart was pounding, but at least she didnt get hurt. How was she able to react so quickly? Michelle can thank her nervous system for that ( Figure 1.1). [SEP] How was she able to react
Her heart was pounding, but at least she didnt get hurt. How was she able to react so quickly? Michelle can thank her nervous system for that ( Figure 1.1). [SEP] quickly ? Michelle can thank her nervous system for that -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB-
The endocrine system makes and releases chemical messenger molecules, or hormones, which tell other body parts that a change or a reaction is necessary. So what type of signal does the nervous system send? Controlling muscles and maintaining balance are just two of the roles of the nervous system. [SEP] The endocrine system makes and releases chemical messenger molecules , or hormones , which tell other body parts that a change or a reaction is necessary
The endocrine system makes and releases chemical messenger molecules, or hormones, which tell other body parts that a change or a reaction is necessary. So what type of signal does the nervous system send? Controlling muscles and maintaining balance are just two of the roles of the nervous system. [SEP] what type of signal does the nervous system
Use language, think, learn, and remember. The nervous system works by sending and receiving electrical signals. The main organs of the nervous system are the brain and the spinal cord. [SEP] sending and receiving electrical signals
Use language, think, learn, and remember. The nervous system works by sending and receiving electrical signals. The main organs of the nervous system are the brain and the spinal cord. [SEP] The nervous system works
For example, when Michelle started to fall off her scooter, her nervous system sensed that she was losing her balance. It responded by sending messages from her brain to muscles in her body. Some muscles tightened while others relaxed. [SEP] sending messages from her brain to muscles in her body
For example, when Michelle started to fall off her scooter, her nervous system sensed that she was losing her balance. It responded by sending messages from her brain to muscles in her body. Some muscles tightened while others relaxed. [SEP] It responded
The nervous system, working together with the muscular and skeletal systems, allowed Michelle to react to the situation. As a result, Michelles body became balanced again. The messages released by the nervous system traveled through nerves. [SEP] The nervous system , working together with the muscular and skeletal systems , allowed Michelle to react to the situation
The nervous system, working together with the muscular and skeletal systems, allowed Michelle to react to the situation. As a result, Michelles body became balanced again. The messages released by the nervous system traveled through nerves. [SEP] Michelles body became balanced again .
A signal would have to go from her eyes to her brain and then to her muscles. What allows the nervous system to react so fast. It starts with the special cell of the nervous system, the neuron. [SEP] What allows the nervous system to react
A signal would have to go from her eyes to her brain and then to her muscles. What allows the nervous system to react so fast. It starts with the special cell of the nervous system, the neuron. [SEP] fast . It starts with the special cell of the nervous system , the neuron
Many disorders of the reproductive system are not sexually transmitted infections. They are not caused by pathogens, so they dont spread from person to person. They develop for other reasons. [SEP] They are not caused by pathogens
Many disorders of the reproductive system are not sexually transmitted infections. They are not caused by pathogens, so they dont spread from person to person. They develop for other reasons. [SEP] they dont spread from person to person .
They are not caused by pathogens, so they dont spread from person to person. They develop for other reasons. The disorders are different between males and females. [SEP] other
They are not caused by pathogens, so they dont spread from person to person. They develop for other reasons. The disorders are different between males and females. [SEP] They develop
This is redness and itching of the vagina. It may be due to irritation by soap or bubble bath. Another possible cause of vaginitis is a yeast infection. [SEP] irritation by soap or bubble bath
This is redness and itching of the vagina. It may be due to irritation by soap or bubble bath. Another possible cause of vaginitis is a yeast infection. [SEP] It may be
A pain reliever like ibuprofen may also work. If the pain is severe, a doctor can prescribe stronger medicine to relieve the pain. The most common type of cancer in females is breast cancer. [SEP] the pain is severe
A pain reliever like ibuprofen may also work. If the pain is severe, a doctor can prescribe stronger medicine to relieve the pain. The most common type of cancer in females is breast cancer. [SEP] a doctor can prescribe stronger medicine to relieve the pain .
Breast cancer is rare in teens. It becomes more common as women get older. If breast cancer is found early, it usually can be cured with surgery. [SEP] women get older .
Breast cancer is rare in teens. It becomes more common as women get older. If breast cancer is found early, it usually can be cured with surgery. [SEP] It becomes more common
It becomes more common as women get older. If breast cancer is found early, it usually can be cured with surgery.  [SEP] breast cancer is found early
It becomes more common as women get older. If breast cancer is found early, it usually can be cured with surgery.  [SEP] it usually can be cured with surgery .
Coal will last longer, until around the year 2250. That is why it is so important to develop alternate forms of energy, especially for our cars. Today, electric cars are becoming more and more common. [SEP] That is why it is
Coal will last longer, until around the year 2250. That is why it is so important to develop alternate forms of energy, especially for our cars. Today, electric cars are becoming more and more common. [SEP] important to develop alternate forms of energy , especially for our cars .
Governments around the world should seriously consider these issues. Developing nations will also increase demands on natural resources as they build more factories ( Figure 1.2). Improvements in technology, conservation of resources, and controls in population growth could all help to decrease the demand on natural resources. [SEP] they build more factories -LRB- Figure 1.2 -RRB- .
Governments around the world should seriously consider these issues. Developing nations will also increase demands on natural resources as they build more factories ( Figure 1.2). Improvements in technology, conservation of resources, and controls in population growth could all help to decrease the demand on natural resources. [SEP] Developing nations will also increase demands on natural resources
They are known as "biological catalysts. " For example, your stomach would not be able to break down food if it did not have special enzymes to speed up the rate of digestion. Antibodies that protect you against disease are proteins. [SEP] it did not have special enzymes to speed up the rate of digestion .
They are known as "biological catalysts. " For example, your stomach would not be able to break down food if it did not have special enzymes to speed up the rate of digestion. Antibodies that protect you against disease are proteins. [SEP] '' For example , your stomach would not be able to break down food
Muscle fibers are made mostly of protein. Its important for you and other animals to eat food with protein, because we cannot make certain amino acids on our own. You can get proteins from plant sources, such as beans, and from animal sources, like milk or meat. [SEP] we can not make certain amino acids on our own .
Muscle fibers are made mostly of protein. Its important for you and other animals to eat food with protein, because we cannot make certain amino acids on our own. You can get proteins from plant sources, such as beans, and from animal sources, like milk or meat. [SEP] Its important for you and other animals to eat food with protein
Living things are made up of very large molecules. These large molecules are called macromolecules because macro means large; they are made by smaller molecules bonding together. Our body gets these smaller molecules, the "building blocks" or monomers, of organic molecules from the food we eat. [SEP] macro means large ; they are made by smaller molecules bonding together .
Living things are made up of very large molecules. These large molecules are called macromolecules because macro means large; they are made by smaller molecules bonding together. Our body gets these smaller molecules, the "building blocks" or monomers, of organic molecules from the food we eat. [SEP] These large molecules are called macromolecules
As much as 1 billion years. Many scientists still study the origin of the first life forms because there are many questions left unanswered, such as, "Did proteins or nucleic acids develop first?" or "What exactly were early Earths atmospheric conditions like? [SEP] there are many questions left unanswered
As much as 1 billion years. Many scientists still study the origin of the first life forms because there are many questions left unanswered, such as, "Did proteins or nucleic acids develop first?" or "What exactly were early Earths atmospheric conditions like? [SEP] such as , `` Did proteins or nucleic acids develop
Over the past 20 years, burning fossil fuels has produced about three-quarters of the carbon dioxide from human activity. The rest of the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is there because of deforestation, or cutting down trees ( Figure 1.4). Trees absorb carbon dioxide during cellular respiration, so when trees are cut down, they cannot remove carbon dioxide from the air. [SEP] The rest of the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is there
Over the past 20 years, burning fossil fuels has produced about three-quarters of the carbon dioxide from human activity. The rest of the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is there because of deforestation, or cutting down trees ( Figure 1.4). Trees absorb carbon dioxide during cellular respiration, so when trees are cut down, they cannot remove carbon dioxide from the air. [SEP] , or cutting down trees -LRB- Figure 1.4 -RRB- .
The rest of the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is there because of deforestation, or cutting down trees ( Figure 1.4). Trees absorb carbon dioxide during cellular respiration, so when trees are cut down, they cannot remove carbon dioxide from the air. This increase in global temperature will cause the sea level to rise. [SEP] Trees absorb carbon dioxide during cellular respiration
The rest of the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is there because of deforestation, or cutting down trees ( Figure 1.4). Trees absorb carbon dioxide during cellular respiration, so when trees are cut down, they cannot remove carbon dioxide from the air. This increase in global temperature will cause the sea level to rise. [SEP] when trees are cut down , they can not remove carbon dioxide from the air .
When acid rain falls in forests, freshwater habitats, or soils, it can kill insects and aquatic life. It causes this damage because of its very low pH. Sulfur oxides and nitrogen oxides in the air both cause acid rain to form ( Figure 1.3). Sulfur oxides are chemicals that are released from coal-fired power plants. [SEP] It causes this damage
When acid rain falls in forests, freshwater habitats, or soils, it can kill insects and aquatic life. It causes this damage because of its very low pH. Sulfur oxides and nitrogen oxides in the air both cause acid rain to form ( Figure 1.3). Sulfur oxides are chemicals that are released from coal-fired power plants. [SEP] . Sulfur oxides are chemicals that are released from coal-fired power plants
For example, releasing smoke and dust from factories and cars can cause air pollution. Air pollution is due to chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions. This pollution affects entire ecosystems around the world. [SEP] chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions
For example, releasing smoke and dust from factories and cars can cause air pollution. Air pollution is due to chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions. This pollution affects entire ecosystems around the world. [SEP] Air pollution
Birds often fly long distances. This is one reason why West Nile virus spread so quickly.  [SEP] Birds often fly long distances
Birds often fly long distances. This is one reason why West Nile virus spread so quickly.  [SEP] West Nile virus spread so quickly .
( Figure 1.4). Antibiotics do not affect viruses, because antibiotics only kill bacteria. But medicines called antiviral drugs can treat many diseases caused by viruses. [SEP] antibiotics only kill bacteria .
( Figure 1.4). Antibiotics do not affect viruses, because antibiotics only kill bacteria. But medicines called antiviral drugs can treat many diseases caused by viruses. [SEP] Antibiotics do not affect viruses
But medicines called antiviral drugs can treat many diseases caused by viruses. Keep in mind that viruses are nonliving, so can they be killed?  [SEP] Keep in mind that viruses are nonliving
But medicines called antiviral drugs can treat many diseases caused by viruses. Keep in mind that viruses are nonliving, so can they be killed?  [SEP] can they be killed ?
A fungus may spread in this way. For example, you can pick up the fungus that causes athletes foot by wearing shoes that an infected person has worn. You can also pick up this fungus from the floor of a public shower or other damp areas. [SEP] wearing shoes that an infected person has worn
A fungus may spread in this way. For example, you can pick up the fungus that causes athletes foot by wearing shoes that an infected person has worn. You can also pick up this fungus from the floor of a public shower or other damp areas. [SEP] For example , you can pick up the fungus that causes athletes foot
After acne, athletes foot is the most common skin disease in the United States. Therefore, the chance of coming in contact with the fungus in one of these ways is fairly high. Bacteria that cause the skin disease impetigo, which causes blisters, can spread when people share towels or clothes. [SEP] After acne , athletes foot is the most common skin disease in the United States
After acne, athletes foot is the most common skin disease in the United States. Therefore, the chance of coming in contact with the fungus in one of these ways is fairly high. Bacteria that cause the skin disease impetigo, which causes blisters, can spread when people share towels or clothes. [SEP] the chance of coming in contact with the fungus in one of these ways is fairly high .
Viruses that cause colds and the flu can spread in this way. You may get sick if you breathe in the pathogens. As this picture shows, thousands of tiny droplets are released into the air when a person sneezes. [SEP] you breathe in the pathogens .
Viruses that cause colds and the flu can spread in this way. You may get sick if you breathe in the pathogens. As this picture shows, thousands of tiny droplets are released into the air when a person sneezes. [SEP] You may get sick
You may get sick if you breathe in the pathogens. As this picture shows, thousands of tiny droplets are released into the air when a person sneezes. Each droplet may carry thousands of pathogens. [SEP] this picture shows , thousands of tiny droplets are released into the air when a person sneezes .
You may get sick if you breathe in the pathogens. As this picture shows, thousands of tiny droplets are released into the air when a person sneezes. Each droplet may carry thousands of pathogens. [SEP] You may get sick if you breathe in the pathogens .
Each droplet may carry thousands of pathogens. You cant normally see the droplets from a sneeze because they are so small. However, you can breathe them in, along with any pathogens they carry. [SEP] You cant normally see the droplets from a sneeze because they are
Each droplet may carry thousands of pathogens. You cant normally see the droplets from a sneeze because they are so small. However, you can breathe them in, along with any pathogens they carry. [SEP] small . However , you can breathe them in , along with any pathogens they carry
( Figure 1.1). From studying a pedigree, scientists can determine the following: If the trait is sex-linked (on the X or Y chromosome) or autosomal (on a chromosome that does not determine sex). If the trait is inherited in a dominant or recessive fashion. [SEP] the trait is sex-linked -LRB- on the X or Y chromosome -RRB- or autosomal -LRB- on a chromosome that does not determine sex -RRB- .
( Figure 1.1). From studying a pedigree, scientists can determine the following: If the trait is sex-linked (on the X or Y chromosome) or autosomal (on a chromosome that does not determine sex). If the trait is inherited in a dominant or recessive fashion. [SEP] From studying a pedigree , scientists can determine the following :
The girl pictured below ( Figure 1.4) is using her somatic nervous system to control the muscles needed to play the violin. Her brain sends messages to motor neurons that move her hands so she can play. Without the messages from her brain, she would not be able to move her hands and play the violin. [SEP] Her brain sends messages to motor neurons that move her hands
The girl pictured below ( Figure 1.4) is using her somatic nervous system to control the muscles needed to play the violin. Her brain sends messages to motor neurons that move her hands so she can play. Without the messages from her brain, she would not be able to move her hands and play the violin. [SEP] she can play .
It prepares the body for fight or flight ( Figure 1.5). For example, it increases the heart rate and the flow of blood to the legs, so you can run away from danger. 2. [SEP] , it increases the heart rate and the flow of blood to the legs
It prepares the body for fight or flight ( Figure 1.5). For example, it increases the heart rate and the flow of blood to the legs, so you can run away from danger. 2. [SEP] you can run away from danger .
 If a plant gets hungry, it cannot walk to a local restaurant and buy a slice of pizza. So, how does a plant get the food it needs to survive? [SEP] a plant gets hungry
 If a plant gets hungry, it cannot walk to a local restaurant and buy a slice of pizza. So, how does a plant get the food it needs to survive? [SEP] it can not walk to a local restaurant and buy a slice of pizza .
If a plant gets hungry, it cannot walk to a local restaurant and buy a slice of pizza. So, how does a plant get the food it needs to survive? Plants are producers, which means they are able to make, or produce, their own food. [SEP] If a plant gets hungry , it can not walk to a local restaurant and buy a slice of pizza
If a plant gets hungry, it cannot walk to a local restaurant and buy a slice of pizza. So, how does a plant get the food it needs to survive? Plants are producers, which means they are able to make, or produce, their own food. [SEP] how does a plant get the food it needs to survive ?
Autotrophs are the organisms that collect the energy from the sun and turn it into organic compounds. Using the energy from the sun, they produce complex organic compounds from simple inorganic molecules. So once again, how does a plant get the food it needs to survive? [SEP] Using the energy from the sun
Autotrophs are the organisms that collect the energy from the sun and turn it into organic compounds. Using the energy from the sun, they produce complex organic compounds from simple inorganic molecules. So once again, how does a plant get the food it needs to survive? [SEP] they produce complex organic compounds from simple inorganic molecules .
Using the energy from the sun, they produce complex organic compounds from simple inorganic molecules. So once again, how does a plant get the food it needs to survive? Through photosynthesis. [SEP] Using the energy from the sun , they produce complex organic compounds from simple inorganic molecules
Using the energy from the sun, they produce complex organic compounds from simple inorganic molecules. So once again, how does a plant get the food it needs to survive? Through photosynthesis. [SEP] once again , how does a plant get the food it needs to
Actually, almost all organisms obtain their energy from photosynthetic organisms. For example, if a bird eats a caterpillar, then the bird gets the energy that the caterpillar gets from the plants it eats. So the bird indirectly gets energy that began with the glucose formed through photosynthesis. [SEP] a bird eats a caterpillar
Actually, almost all organisms obtain their energy from photosynthetic organisms. For example, if a bird eats a caterpillar, then the bird gets the energy that the caterpillar gets from the plants it eats. So the bird indirectly gets energy that began with the glucose formed through photosynthesis. [SEP] then the bird gets the energy that the caterpillar gets from the plants it eats .
For example, if a bird eats a caterpillar, then the bird gets the energy that the caterpillar gets from the plants it eats. So the bird indirectly gets energy that began with the glucose formed through photosynthesis. Therefore, the process of photosynthesis is central to sustaining life on Earth. [SEP] For example , if a bird eats a caterpillar , then the bird gets the energy that the caterpillar gets from the plants it eats
For example, if a bird eats a caterpillar, then the bird gets the energy that the caterpillar gets from the plants it eats. So the bird indirectly gets energy that began with the glucose formed through photosynthesis. Therefore, the process of photosynthesis is central to sustaining life on Earth. [SEP] the bird indirectly gets energy that began with the glucose formed through photosynthesis .
So the bird indirectly gets energy that began with the glucose formed through photosynthesis. Therefore, the process of photosynthesis is central to sustaining life on Earth. In eukaryotic organisms, photosynthesis occurs in chloroplasts. [SEP] So the bird indirectly gets energy that began with the glucose formed through photosynthesis
So the bird indirectly gets energy that began with the glucose formed through photosynthesis. Therefore, the process of photosynthesis is central to sustaining life on Earth. In eukaryotic organisms, photosynthesis occurs in chloroplasts. [SEP] the process of photosynthesis is central to sustaining life on Earth .
Only cells with chloroplastsplant cells and algal (protist) cellscan perform photosynthesis. Animal cells and fungal cells do not have chloroplasts and, therefore, cannot photosynthesize. That is why these organisms, as well as the non- photosynthetic protists, rely on other organisms to obtain their energy. [SEP] Animal cells and fungal cells do not have chloroplasts and
Only cells with chloroplastsplant cells and algal (protist) cellscan perform photosynthesis. Animal cells and fungal cells do not have chloroplasts and, therefore, cannot photosynthesize. That is why these organisms, as well as the non- photosynthetic protists, rely on other organisms to obtain their energy. [SEP] can not photosynthesize .
Animal cells and fungal cells do not have chloroplasts and, therefore, cannot photosynthesize. That is why these organisms, as well as the non- photosynthetic protists, rely on other organisms to obtain their energy. These organisms are heterotrophs. [SEP] Animal cells and fungal cells do not have chloroplasts and , therefore , can not photosynthesize
Animal cells and fungal cells do not have chloroplasts and, therefore, cannot photosynthesize. That is why these organisms, as well as the non- photosynthetic protists, rely on other organisms to obtain their energy. These organisms are heterotrophs. [SEP] these organisms , as well as the non - photosynthetic protists , rely on other organisms to obtain their energy .
Height is a polygenic trait, controlled by at least three genes with six alleles. If you are dominant for all of the alleles for height, then you will be very tall. There is also a wide range of skin color across people. [SEP] you are dominant for all of the alleles for height
Height is a polygenic trait, controlled by at least three genes with six alleles. If you are dominant for all of the alleles for height, then you will be very tall. There is also a wide range of skin color across people. [SEP] then you will be very tall .
 Population growth can be described with two models, based on the size of the population and necessary resources. These two types of growth are known as exponential growth and logistic growth. [SEP] the size of the population and necessary resources
 Population growth can be described with two models, based on the size of the population and necessary resources. These two types of growth are known as exponential growth and logistic growth. [SEP] Population growth can be described with two models
If a population is given unlimited amounts of resources, such as food and water, land if needed, moisture, oxygen, and other environmental factors, it will grow exponentially. Exponential growth occurs as a population grows larger, dramatically increasing the growth rate. This is shown as a "J-shaped" curve below ( Figure 1.3). [SEP] a population grows larger , dramatically increasing the growth rate .
If a population is given unlimited amounts of resources, such as food and water, land if needed, moisture, oxygen, and other environmental factors, it will grow exponentially. Exponential growth occurs as a population grows larger, dramatically increasing the growth rate. This is shown as a "J-shaped" curve below ( Figure 1.3). [SEP] Exponential growth occurs
This is shown as a "J-shaped" curve below ( Figure 1.3). You can see that the population grows slowly at first, but as time passes, growth occurs more and more rapidly. Growth of populations according to ex- ponential (or J-curve) growth model (left) and logistic (or S-curve) growth model (right). [SEP] time passes , growth occurs more and more rapidly .
This is shown as a "J-shaped" curve below ( Figure 1.3). You can see that the population grows slowly at first, but as time passes, growth occurs more and more rapidly. Growth of populations according to ex- ponential (or J-curve) growth model (left) and logistic (or S-curve) growth model (right). [SEP] You can see that the population grows slowly at first , but
First, we will consider the effects of birth and death rates. You can predict the growth rate by using this simple equation: growth rate = birth rate death rate. If the birth rate is larger than the death rate, then the population grows. [SEP] using this simple equation : growth rate = birth rate death rate
First, we will consider the effects of birth and death rates. You can predict the growth rate by using this simple equation: growth rate = birth rate death rate. If the birth rate is larger than the death rate, then the population grows. [SEP] You can predict the growth rate
You can predict the growth rate by using this simple equation: growth rate = birth rate death rate. If the birth rate is larger than the death rate, then the population grows. If the death rate is larger than the birth rate, what will happen to the population? [SEP] the birth rate is larger than the death rate
You can predict the growth rate by using this simple equation: growth rate = birth rate death rate. If the birth rate is larger than the death rate, then the population grows. If the death rate is larger than the birth rate, what will happen to the population? [SEP] then the population grows .
The population size will decrease. If the birth and death rates are equal, then the population size will not change. Factors that affect population growth are: 1. 2. [SEP] the birth and death rates are equal
The population size will decrease. If the birth and death rates are equal, then the population size will not change. Factors that affect population growth are: 1. 2. [SEP] then the population size will not change .
While a woman is pregnant, the developing baby may be called an embryo or a fetus. Do these mean the same thing? No, in the very early stages the developing baby is called an embryo, while in the later stages it is called a fetus. [SEP] While a woman is pregnant , the developing baby may be called an embryo or a fetus . Do
While a woman is pregnant, the developing baby may be called an embryo or a fetus. Do these mean the same thing? No, in the very early stages the developing baby is called an embryo, while in the later stages it is called a fetus. [SEP] the same thing
Eventually, the contractions squeeze the baby out of the uterus. Once the baby enters the vagina, the mother starts pushing. She soon pushes the baby through the vagina and out of her body. [SEP] the baby enters the vagina
Eventually, the contractions squeeze the baby out of the uterus. Once the baby enters the vagina, the mother starts pushing. She soon pushes the baby through the vagina and out of her body. [SEP] the mother starts pushing .
After the cord is cut, the baby can no longer get rid of carbon dioxide through the cord and placenta. As a result, carbon dioxide builds up in the babys blood. This triggers the baby to start breathing. [SEP] After the cord is cut , the baby can no longer get rid of carbon dioxide through the cord and placenta
After the cord is cut, the baby can no longer get rid of carbon dioxide through the cord and placenta. As a result, carbon dioxide builds up in the babys blood. This triggers the baby to start breathing. [SEP] carbon dioxide builds up in the babys blood .
Hair has started to grow on the head. The body of the fetus is also starting to fill out as muscles and bones develop. Babies born after the 28th week are usually able to survive. [SEP] muscles and bones develop .
Hair has started to grow on the head. The body of the fetus is also starting to fill out as muscles and bones develop. Babies born after the 28th week are usually able to survive. [SEP] The body of the fetus is also starting to fill out
Babies born after the 28th week are usually able to survive. However, they need help breathing because their lungs are not yet fully mature. A baby should not be delivered prior to this time, unless absolutely necessary. [SEP] their lungs are not yet fully mature .
Babies born after the 28th week are usually able to survive. However, they need help breathing because their lungs are not yet fully mature. A baby should not be delivered prior to this time, unless absolutely necessary. [SEP] However , they need help breathing
 Fresh water is also preserved by purifying wastewater. Wastewater is water that has been used for cleaning, washing, flushing, or manufacturing. [SEP] purifying wastewater
 Fresh water is also preserved by purifying wastewater. Wastewater is water that has been used for cleaning, washing, flushing, or manufacturing. [SEP] Fresh water is also preserved
Fresh water is also preserved by purifying wastewater. Wastewater is water that has been used for cleaning, washing, flushing, or manufacturing. It includes the water that goes down your shower drain and that is flushed down your toilet. [SEP] cleaning , washing , flushing , or manufacturing
Fresh water is also preserved by purifying wastewater. Wastewater is water that has been used for cleaning, washing, flushing, or manufacturing. It includes the water that goes down your shower drain and that is flushed down your toilet. [SEP] Wastewater is water that has been used
But it is a significant issue in parts of the world with large populations. As these populations continue to grow, the supply of water becomes an increasingly important issue. Even though we have lots of water in our oceans, we cannot use that water whenever we want. [SEP] these populations continue to grow , the supply of water becomes an increasingly important issue .
But it is a significant issue in parts of the world with large populations. As these populations continue to grow, the supply of water becomes an increasingly important issue. Even though we have lots of water in our oceans, we cannot use that water whenever we want. [SEP] But it is a significant issue in parts of the world with large populations .
Almost all of the rest of the water is either salt water in the ocean or ice in glaciers and ice caps. As a result, there are water shortages many places in the world. Since we have such a limited supply of water, it is important to preserve our water supplies. [SEP] Almost all of the rest of the water is either salt water in the ocean or ice in glaciers and ice caps
Almost all of the rest of the water is either salt water in the ocean or ice in glaciers and ice caps. As a result, there are water shortages many places in the world. Since we have such a limited supply of water, it is important to preserve our water supplies. [SEP] there are water shortages many places in the world .
As a result, there are water shortages many places in the world. Since we have such a limited supply of water, it is important to preserve our water supplies. Therefore, steps have been taken to prevent water pollution. [SEP] we have such a limited supply of water
As a result, there are water shortages many places in the world. Since we have such a limited supply of water, it is important to preserve our water supplies. Therefore, steps have been taken to prevent water pollution. [SEP] it is important to preserve our water supplies .
Since we have such a limited supply of water, it is important to preserve our water supplies. Therefore, steps have been taken to prevent water pollution. Technologies have also been developed to conserve water and prevent water pollution. [SEP] Since we have such a limited supply of water , it is important to preserve our water supplies
Since we have such a limited supply of water, it is important to preserve our water supplies. Therefore, steps have been taken to prevent water pollution. Technologies have also been developed to conserve water and prevent water pollution. [SEP] steps have been taken to prevent water pollution .
The laws prohibit the disposal of any waste into the nations rivers, lakes, streams, and other bodies of water, unless a person first has a permit. Growing concern for controlling water pollutants led to the enactment of the Clean Water Act in 1972. The Clean Water Act set water quality standards. [SEP] Growing concern for controlling water pollutants
The laws prohibit the disposal of any waste into the nations rivers, lakes, streams, and other bodies of water, unless a person first has a permit. Growing concern for controlling water pollutants led to the enactment of the Clean Water Act in 1972. The Clean Water Act set water quality standards. [SEP] the enactment of the Clean Water Act in 1972
Recall that a vector is an organism that carries pathogens from one person or animal to another. For example, ticks and mosquitoes are vectors, so you should wear long sleeves and long pants when appropriate to avoid tick and mosquito bites. Using insect repellent can also reduce your risk of insect bites. [SEP] For example , ticks and mosquitoes are vectors
Recall that a vector is an organism that carries pathogens from one person or animal to another. For example, ticks and mosquitoes are vectors, so you should wear long sleeves and long pants when appropriate to avoid tick and mosquito bites. Using insect repellent can also reduce your risk of insect bites. [SEP] you should wear long sleeves and long pants when appropriate to avoid tick and mosquito bites .
Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you sneeze or cough, Watching the news will allow you to make informed decisions. If an outbreak of bad beef due to a bacterial infection is in the news, dont buy beef for a while. If tomatoes are making people sick, dont eat tomatoes until the outbreak is over. [SEP] an outbreak of bad beef due to a bacterial infection is in the news
Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you sneeze or cough, Watching the news will allow you to make informed decisions. If an outbreak of bad beef due to a bacterial infection is in the news, dont buy beef for a while. If tomatoes are making people sick, dont eat tomatoes until the outbreak is over. [SEP] dont buy beef for a while .
Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you sneeze or cough, Watching the news will allow you to make informed decisions. If an outbreak of bad beef due to a bacterial infection is in the news, dont buy beef for a while. If tomatoes are making people sick, dont eat tomatoes until the outbreak is over. [SEP] a bacterial infection
Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you sneeze or cough, Watching the news will allow you to make informed decisions. If an outbreak of bad beef due to a bacterial infection is in the news, dont buy beef for a while. If tomatoes are making people sick, dont eat tomatoes until the outbreak is over. [SEP] is in the news
If an outbreak of bad beef due to a bacterial infection is in the news, dont buy beef for a while. If tomatoes are making people sick, dont eat tomatoes until the outbreak is over. If a place has an unhealthy water supply, boil the water or drink bottled water. [SEP] tomatoes are making people sick
If an outbreak of bad beef due to a bacterial infection is in the news, dont buy beef for a while. If tomatoes are making people sick, dont eat tomatoes until the outbreak is over. If a place has an unhealthy water supply, boil the water or drink bottled water. [SEP] dont eat tomatoes until the outbreak is over .
If a place has an unhealthy water supply, boil the water or drink bottled water. Local news can tell you of restaurants to avoid due to unhealthy conditions. And so on. [SEP] unhealthy conditions
If a place has an unhealthy water supply, boil the water or drink bottled water. Local news can tell you of restaurants to avoid due to unhealthy conditions. And so on. [SEP] Local news can tell you of restaurants to avoid
Heart disease, stroke and diabetes are mostly linked to lifestyle choices, even when family history puts a person at higher risk for the diseases. Most allergies can be prevented by avoiding the substances that cause them. For example, you can avoid pollens by staying indoors as much as possible. [SEP] avoiding the substances that cause them
Heart disease, stroke and diabetes are mostly linked to lifestyle choices, even when family history puts a person at higher risk for the diseases. Most allergies can be prevented by avoiding the substances that cause them. For example, you can avoid pollens by staying indoors as much as possible. [SEP] Most allergies can be prevented
Most allergies can be prevented by avoiding the substances that cause them. For example, you can avoid pollens by staying indoors as much as possible. You can learn to recognize plants like poison ivy and not touch them. [SEP] staying indoors as much as possible
Most allergies can be prevented by avoiding the substances that cause them. For example, you can avoid pollens by staying indoors as much as possible. You can learn to recognize plants like poison ivy and not touch them. [SEP] For example , you can avoid pollens
Making these healthy lifestyle choices can also help prevent some types of cancer. In addition, you can lower the risk of cancer by avoiding carcinogens, which are substances that cause cancer. For example, you can reduce your risk of lung cancer by not smoking. [SEP] avoiding carcinogens , which are substances that cause cancer
Making these healthy lifestyle choices can also help prevent some types of cancer. In addition, you can lower the risk of cancer by avoiding carcinogens, which are substances that cause cancer. For example, you can reduce your risk of lung cancer by not smoking. [SEP] In addition , you can lower the risk of cancer
For example, you can reduce your risk of lung cancer by not smoking. You can reduce your risk of skin cancer by using sunscreen. How to choose a sunscreen that offers the most protection is explained below ( Figure 1.1). [SEP] using sunscreen
For example, you can reduce your risk of lung cancer by not smoking. You can reduce your risk of skin cancer by using sunscreen. How to choose a sunscreen that offers the most protection is explained below ( Figure 1.1). [SEP] You can reduce your risk of skin cancer
It doesnt matter whether the radiation comes from tanning lamps or the sun. Overall, people in many developed countries are contributing to higher rates of noninfectious diseases (heart disease, stroke, diabetes and cancer) by taking advantage of technology and social environments that encourage a less active lifestyle, and also encourages faster and cheaper meals. For example, many children now spend more time on their computer or watching TV then playing outdoors. [SEP] taking advantage of technology and social environments that encourage a less active lifestyle , and also encourages faster and cheaper meals
It doesnt matter whether the radiation comes from tanning lamps or the sun. Overall, people in many developed countries are contributing to higher rates of noninfectious diseases (heart disease, stroke, diabetes and cancer) by taking advantage of technology and social environments that encourage a less active lifestyle, and also encourages faster and cheaper meals. For example, many children now spend more time on their computer or watching TV then playing outdoors. [SEP] Overall , people in many developed countries are contributing to higher rates of noninfectious diseases -LRB- heart disease , stroke , diabetes and cancer -RRB-
The "faster and cheaper" meals are usually less healthy than other meals. Even though many people are living longer, they can choose to live more healthily by adopting regular exercise routines and healthy eating habits. When you choose a sunscreen, select one with an SPF (sun protection factor) of 30 or higher. [SEP] adopting regular exercise routines and healthy eating habits
The "faster and cheaper" meals are usually less healthy than other meals. Even though many people are living longer, they can choose to live more healthily by adopting regular exercise routines and healthy eating habits. When you choose a sunscreen, select one with an SPF (sun protection factor) of 30 or higher. [SEP] Even though many people are living longer , they can choose to live more healthily
These protons then flow down their concentration gradient, moving back into the matrix by facilitated diffusion. During this process, ATP is made by adding inorganic phosphate to ADP. Most of the ATP produced during cellular respiration is made during this stage. [SEP] adding inorganic phosphate to ADP
These protons then flow down their concentration gradient, moving back into the matrix by facilitated diffusion. During this process, ATP is made by adding inorganic phosphate to ADP. Most of the ATP produced during cellular respiration is made during this stage. [SEP] During this process , ATP is made
Without oxygen, much less ATP is produced. As ATP is needed for the cells to function properly, every cell in your body needs oxygen. Getting that oxygen begins with inhaling. [SEP] ATP is needed for the cells to function properly , every cell in your body needs oxygen .
Without oxygen, much less ATP is produced. As ATP is needed for the cells to function properly, every cell in your body needs oxygen. Getting that oxygen begins with inhaling. [SEP] Without oxygen , much less ATP is produced .
Producers make food for the rest of the ecosystem. As energy is not recycled, energy must consistently be captured by producers. This energy is then passed on to the organisms that eat the producers, and then to the organisms that eat those organisms, and so on. [SEP] energy is not recycled , energy must consistently be captured by producers .
Producers make food for the rest of the ecosystem. As energy is not recycled, energy must consistently be captured by producers. This energy is then passed on to the organisms that eat the producers, and then to the organisms that eat those organisms, and so on. [SEP] Producers make food for the rest of the ecosystem .
As energy is not recycled, energy must consistently be captured by producers. This energy is then passed on to the organisms that eat the producers, and then to the organisms that eat those organisms, and so on. Recall that the only required ingredients needed for photosynthesis are sunlight, carbon dioxide (CO2 ), and wa- [SEP] This energy is then passed on to the organisms that eat the producers , and then to the organisms that eat those organisms
As energy is not recycled, energy must consistently be captured by producers. This energy is then passed on to the organisms that eat the producers, and then to the organisms that eat those organisms, and so on. Recall that the only required ingredients needed for photosynthesis are sunlight, carbon dioxide (CO2 ), and wa- [SEP] on . Recall that the only required ingredients needed for photosynthesis are sunlight , carbon dioxide -LRB- CO2 -RRB- , and wa
Most teens also have emotional ups and downs. This is partly due to changing hormone levels. Teenagers usually spend much more time with peers than with family members. [SEP] changing hormone levels
Most teens also have emotional ups and downs. This is partly due to changing hormone levels. Teenagers usually spend much more time with peers than with family members. [SEP] This is partly
The plasmid has two large segments and one small segment depicted. The two large segments (green and blue) indicate antibiotic resistances usually used in a screening procedure. The antibiotic resis- tance segments ensure only bacteria with the plasmid will grow. [SEP] The two large segments -LRB- green and blue -RRB-
The plasmid has two large segments and one small segment depicted. The two large segments (green and blue) indicate antibiotic resistances usually used in a screening procedure. The antibiotic resis- tance segments ensure only bacteria with the plasmid will grow. [SEP] antibiotic resistances usually used in a screening procedure
The two large segments (green and blue) indicate antibiotic resistances usually used in a screening procedure. The antibiotic resis- tance segments ensure only bacteria with the plasmid will grow. The small segment (red) indicates an origin of replication. [SEP] tance segments
The two large segments (green and blue) indicate antibiotic resistances usually used in a screening procedure. The antibiotic resis- tance segments ensure only bacteria with the plasmid will grow. The small segment (red) indicates an origin of replication. [SEP] only bacteria with the plasmid will grow .
The antibiotic resis- tance segments ensure only bacteria with the plasmid will grow. The small segment (red) indicates an origin of replication. The origin of replication is where DNA replication starts, copying the plasmid. [SEP] The small segment -LRB- red -RRB-
The antibiotic resis- tance segments ensure only bacteria with the plasmid will grow. The small segment (red) indicates an origin of replication. The origin of replication is where DNA replication starts, copying the plasmid. [SEP] an origin of replication
These bacteria become tiny factories that produce this protein. Recombinant DNA technology helps create insulin so it can be used by humans. Recombinant DNA technology is used in gene cloning. [SEP] Recombinant DNA technology helps create insulin
These bacteria become tiny factories that produce this protein. Recombinant DNA technology helps create insulin so it can be used by humans. Recombinant DNA technology is used in gene cloning. [SEP] it can be used by humans .
A clone is an exact genetic copy. Genes are cloned for many reasons, including use in medicine and in agriculture. Below are the steps used to copy, or clone, a gene: 1. [SEP] including use in medicine and in agriculture . Below are the steps used to copy , or clone , a gene : 1
A clone is an exact genetic copy. Genes are cloned for many reasons, including use in medicine and in agriculture. Below are the steps used to copy, or clone, a gene: 1. [SEP] Genes are cloned
The gene is copied (or cloned) inside of the bacterium. As the bacterial DNA is copied, so is the vector DNA. As the bacteria divide, the recombinant DNA molecules are divided between the new cells. [SEP] As the bacterial DNA is copied
The gene is copied (or cloned) inside of the bacterium. As the bacterial DNA is copied, so is the vector DNA. As the bacteria divide, the recombinant DNA molecules are divided between the new cells. [SEP] is the vector DNA .
What exactly does it mean to reduce? Reducing means decreasing the amount of waste we create. That could also mean cutting down on use of natural resources. [SEP] Reducing means decreasing the amount of waste
What exactly does it mean to reduce? Reducing means decreasing the amount of waste we create. That could also mean cutting down on use of natural resources. [SEP] we create .
Why conserve resources? During your lifetime, it is possible that the world may run out of some nonrenewable resources, especially as the population passes 8 then 9 billion people. So it is necessary to try to make these resources last as long as possible. [SEP] the population passes 8 then 9 billion people .
Why conserve resources? During your lifetime, it is possible that the world may run out of some nonrenewable resources, especially as the population passes 8 then 9 billion people. So it is necessary to try to make these resources last as long as possible. [SEP] During your lifetime , it is possible that the world may run out of some nonrenewable resources , especially
During your lifetime, it is possible that the world may run out of some nonrenewable resources, especially as the population passes 8 then 9 billion people. So it is necessary to try to make these resources last as long as possible. You may have heard people say, "Reduce, Reuse, Recycle. [SEP] During your lifetime , it is possible that the world may run out of some nonrenewable resources , especially as the population passes 8 then 9 billion people
During your lifetime, it is possible that the world may run out of some nonrenewable resources, especially as the population passes 8 then 9 billion people. So it is necessary to try to make these resources last as long as possible. You may have heard people say, "Reduce, Reuse, Recycle. [SEP] it is necessary to try to make these resources last as long as possible .
You can also influence companies. If you and your family only buy from companies and restaurants that support recycling or eco-friendly packaging, then other companies will also change to be more environmentally friendly.  [SEP] you and your family only buy from companies and restaurants that support recycling or eco-friendly packaging
You can also influence companies. If you and your family only buy from companies and restaurants that support recycling or eco-friendly packaging, then other companies will also change to be more environmentally friendly.  [SEP] then other companies will also change to be more environmentally friendly .
Fossil fuels are an example of nonrenewable resources. They take millions of years to form naturally, and so they cannot be replaced as fast as they are consumed. To take the place of fossil fuel use, alternative energy resources are being developed. [SEP] They take millions of years to form naturally
Fossil fuels are an example of nonrenewable resources. They take millions of years to form naturally, and so they cannot be replaced as fast as they are consumed. To take the place of fossil fuel use, alternative energy resources are being developed. [SEP] they can not be replaced as fast as they are consumed .
 A resource is renewable if it is remade by natural processes at the same rate that humans use it up. Sunlight and wind are renewable resources because they will not be used up ( Figure 1.1). [SEP] it is remade by natural processes at the same rate that humans use it up .
 A resource is renewable if it is remade by natural processes at the same rate that humans use it up. Sunlight and wind are renewable resources because they will not be used up ( Figure 1.1). [SEP] A resource is renewable
A resource is renewable if it is remade by natural processes at the same rate that humans use it up. Sunlight and wind are renewable resources because they will not be used up ( Figure 1.1). The rising and falling of ocean tides is another example of a resource in unlimited supply. [SEP] they will not be used up
A resource is renewable if it is remade by natural processes at the same rate that humans use it up. Sunlight and wind are renewable resources because they will not be used up ( Figure 1.1). The rising and falling of ocean tides is another example of a resource in unlimited supply. [SEP] Sunlight and wind are renewable resources
What can you do to keep your reproductive system healthy? You can start by making the right choices for overall good health. To be as healthy as you can be, you should: Eat a balanced diet that is high in fiber and low in fat. [SEP] making the right choices for overall good health
What can you do to keep your reproductive system healthy? You can start by making the right choices for overall good health. To be as healthy as you can be, you should: Eat a balanced diet that is high in fiber and low in fat. [SEP] You can start
You can start by making the right choices for overall good health. To be as healthy as you can be, you should: Eat a balanced diet that is high in fiber and low in fat. Drink plenty of water. [SEP] healthy as you can be , you should : Eat a balanced diet that is high in fiber and low in fat .
You can start by making the right choices for overall good health. To be as healthy as you can be, you should: Eat a balanced diet that is high in fiber and low in fat. Drink plenty of water. [SEP] You can start by making the right choices for overall good health . To be
Females do not need to use special feminine hygiene products. In fact, using them may do more harm than good because they can irritate the vagina or other reproductive structures. You should also avoid other behaviors that can put you at risk. [SEP] they can irritate the vagina or other reproductive structures .
Females do not need to use special feminine hygiene products. In fact, using them may do more harm than good because they can irritate the vagina or other reproductive structures. You should also avoid other behaviors that can put you at risk. [SEP] In fact , using them may do more harm than good
Of course, the only way to be fully protected against STIs is to refrain from sexual activity. If you are a boy, you should always wear a protective cup when you play contact sports. Contact sports include football, boxing, and hockey. [SEP] you are a boy
Of course, the only way to be fully protected against STIs is to refrain from sexual activity. If you are a boy, you should always wear a protective cup when you play contact sports. Contact sports include football, boxing, and hockey. [SEP] you should always wear a protective cup when you play contact sports .
Contact sports include football, boxing, and hockey. Wearing a cup will help protect the testes from injury. You should also do a monthly self-exam to check for cancer of the testes. [SEP] Wearing a cup
Contact sports include football, boxing, and hockey. Wearing a cup will help protect the testes from injury. You should also do a monthly self-exam to check for cancer of the testes. [SEP] will help protect the testes from injury
Breathing is mostly an involuntary action that is controlled by a part of your brain that also controls your heart beat. If you swim, do yoga, or sing, you know you can control your breathing, however. Taking air into the body through the nose and mouth is called inhalation. [SEP] you swim
Breathing is mostly an involuntary action that is controlled by a part of your brain that also controls your heart beat. If you swim, do yoga, or sing, you know you can control your breathing, however. Taking air into the body through the nose and mouth is called inhalation. [SEP] do yoga , or sing , you know you can control your breathing , however .
This causes the chest volume to increase. Because the chest volume is larger, the air pressure inside the lungs is lower than the air pressure outside. This difference in air pressures causes air to be sucked into the lungs. [SEP] the chest volume is larger
This causes the chest volume to increase. Because the chest volume is larger, the air pressure inside the lungs is lower than the air pressure outside. This difference in air pressures causes air to be sucked into the lungs. [SEP] the air pressure inside the lungs is lower than the air pressure outside .
The gases move by simple diffusion, passing from an area of high concentration to an area of low concentration. For example, initially there is more oxygen in the alveoli than in the blood, so oxygen moves by diffusion from the alveoli into the blood.  [SEP] , initially there is more oxygen in the alveoli than in the blood
The gases move by simple diffusion, passing from an area of high concentration to an area of low concentration. For example, initially there is more oxygen in the alveoli than in the blood, so oxygen moves by diffusion from the alveoli into the blood.  [SEP] oxygen moves by diffusion from the alveoli into the blood .
Tuberculosis, whooping cough, and acute bronchitis are caused by bacteria. The pathogens that cause colds, flu, and TB can be passed from person to person by coughing, sneezing, and spitting. Illnesses caused by bacteria can be treated with antibiotics. [SEP] coughing , sneezing , and spitting
Tuberculosis, whooping cough, and acute bronchitis are caused by bacteria. The pathogens that cause colds, flu, and TB can be passed from person to person by coughing, sneezing, and spitting. Illnesses caused by bacteria can be treated with antibiotics. [SEP] The pathogens that cause colds , flu , and TB can be passed from person to person
Regular smokers die about 10 years earlier than nonsmokers do. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) describes tobacco use as "the single most important preventable risk to human health The lung of a smoker who had emphysema (left). [SEP] `` the single most important preventable risk to human health The lung of a smoker who had emphysema -LRB- left
Regular smokers die about 10 years earlier than nonsmokers do. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) describes tobacco use as "the single most important preventable risk to human health The lung of a smoker who had emphysema (left). [SEP] The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -LRB- CDC -RRB- describes tobacco use
Emphysema is a chronic lung disease caused by the breakdown of the lung tissue. Symptoms of emphysema include shortness of breath, especially during exercise, and chronic cough, usually due to cigarette smoking, and wheezing, especially during expiration. Damage to the alveoli ( Figure 1.5), is not curable. [SEP] cigarette smoking
Emphysema is a chronic lung disease caused by the breakdown of the lung tissue. Symptoms of emphysema include shortness of breath, especially during exercise, and chronic cough, usually due to cigarette smoking, and wheezing, especially during expiration. Damage to the alveoli ( Figure 1.5), is not curable. [SEP] and wheezing , especially during expiration .
Symptoms include a cough, which usually contains mucus and coughing up blood. The TB bacteria are spread in the air when people who have the disease cough, sneeze, or spit, so it is very contagious. To help prevent the spread of the disease, public health notices, such as the one pictured below ( Figure 1.3), remind people how to stop the spread of the disease. [SEP] The TB bacteria are spread in the air when people who have the disease cough , sneeze , or spit
Symptoms include a cough, which usually contains mucus and coughing up blood. The TB bacteria are spread in the air when people who have the disease cough, sneeze, or spit, so it is very contagious. To help prevent the spread of the disease, public health notices, such as the one pictured below ( Figure 1.3), remind people how to stop the spread of the disease. [SEP] it is very contagious .
Asthma is not contagious and cannot be passed on to other people. Children and adolescents who have asthma can still lead active lives if they control their asthma. Asthma can be controlled by taking medication and by avoiding contact with environmental triggers for asthma, like smoking. [SEP] they control their asthma .
Asthma is not contagious and cannot be passed on to other people. Children and adolescents who have asthma can still lead active lives if they control their asthma. Asthma can be controlled by taking medication and by avoiding contact with environmental triggers for asthma, like smoking. [SEP] Children and adolescents who have asthma can still lead active lives
Children and adolescents who have asthma can still lead active lives if they control their asthma. Asthma can be controlled by taking medication and by avoiding contact with environmental triggers for asthma, like smoking.  [SEP] taking medication
Children and adolescents who have asthma can still lead active lives if they control their asthma. Asthma can be controlled by taking medication and by avoiding contact with environmental triggers for asthma, like smoking.  [SEP] Asthma can be controlled
Some respiratory diseases are caused by bacteria or viruses, while others are caused by environmental pollutants, such as tobacco smoke. Some diseases are genetic and, therefore, are inherited. This boy is suffering from whooping cough (also known as pertussis), which gets its name from the loud whooping sound that is made when the person inhales during a coughing fit. [SEP] Some diseases are genetic and
Some respiratory diseases are caused by bacteria or viruses, while others are caused by environmental pollutants, such as tobacco smoke. Some diseases are genetic and, therefore, are inherited. This boy is suffering from whooping cough (also known as pertussis), which gets its name from the loud whooping sound that is made when the person inhales during a coughing fit. [SEP] are inherited .
Lifestyle diseases are diseases that are caused by choices that people make in their daily lives. For example, the choice to smoke can lead to emphysema, cancer and heart disease in later life. But you can make healthy choices instead. [SEP] the choice to smoke
Lifestyle diseases are diseases that are caused by choices that people make in their daily lives. For example, the choice to smoke can lead to emphysema, cancer and heart disease in later life. But you can make healthy choices instead. [SEP] emphysema , cancer and heart disease in later life
 Cigarette smoking can cause serious diseases, so not smoking or quitting now are the most effective ways to reduce your risk of developing chronic respiratory diseases, such as lung cancer. Avoiding (or stopping) smoking is the single best way to prevent many respiratory and cardiovascular diseases. [SEP] Cigarette smoking can cause serious diseases
 Cigarette smoking can cause serious diseases, so not smoking or quitting now are the most effective ways to reduce your risk of developing chronic respiratory diseases, such as lung cancer. Avoiding (or stopping) smoking is the single best way to prevent many respiratory and cardiovascular diseases. [SEP] not smoking or quitting now are the most effective ways to reduce your risk of developing chronic respiratory diseases , such as lung cancer .
 Eating healthy foods, getting enough sleep, and being active every day can help keep your respiratory system, cardiovascular system and immune system strong. Getting enough exercise makes your lungs stronger and better at giving your body the oxygen it needs. [SEP] Eating healthy foods , getting enough sleep , and being active
 Eating healthy foods, getting enough sleep, and being active every day can help keep your respiratory system, cardiovascular system and immune system strong. Getting enough exercise makes your lungs stronger and better at giving your body the oxygen it needs. [SEP] every day can help keep your respiratory system , cardiovascular system and immune system strong .
Washing your hands often, especially after sneezing, coughing, or blowing your nose, helps to protect you and others from diseases. Washing your hands for 20 seconds with soap and warm water can help prevent colds and flu. In one respect, you can think of hand washing as a survival skill. [SEP] Washing your hands for 20 seconds with soap and warm water
Washing your hands often, especially after sneezing, coughing, or blowing your nose, helps to protect you and others from diseases. Washing your hands for 20 seconds with soap and warm water can help prevent colds and flu. In one respect, you can think of hand washing as a survival skill. [SEP] can help prevent colds and flu
You risk spreading your illness to other people. You may also get even sicker if you catch something else. Do not share food and other things that go in the mouth, as in guzzling milk from the carton or double dipping chips. [SEP] you catch something else .
You risk spreading your illness to other people. You may also get even sicker if you catch something else. Do not share food and other things that go in the mouth, as in guzzling milk from the carton or double dipping chips. [SEP] You may also get even sicker
 Getting the recommended vaccinations can help prevent diseases, such as whooping cough and flu. In fact, a yearly flu vaccine is recommended for everyone who is at least 6 months of age. [SEP] Getting the recommended vaccinations
 Getting the recommended vaccinations can help prevent diseases, such as whooping cough and flu. In fact, a yearly flu vaccine is recommended for everyone who is at least 6 months of age. [SEP] can help prevent diseases , such as whooping cough and flu
In fact, a yearly flu vaccine is recommended for everyone who is at least 6 months of age. The flu vaccine is especially important for people who are at high risk of developing serious complications (like pneumonia) if they get sick with the flu. People who have certain medical conditions including asthma, diabetes, and chronic lung disease, pregnant women, and people younger than 5 years (and especially those younger than 2), and people 65 years and older should also make sure they get the yearly flu vaccine. [SEP] they get sick with the flu .
In fact, a yearly flu vaccine is recommended for everyone who is at least 6 months of age. The flu vaccine is especially important for people who are at high risk of developing serious complications (like pneumonia) if they get sick with the flu. People who have certain medical conditions including asthma, diabetes, and chronic lung disease, pregnant women, and people younger than 5 years (and especially those younger than 2), and people 65 years and older should also make sure they get the yearly flu vaccine. [SEP] The flu vaccine is especially important for people who are at high risk of developing serious complications -LRB- like pneumonia -RRB-
People who have certain medical conditions including asthma, diabetes, and chronic lung disease, pregnant women, and people younger than 5 years (and especially those younger than 2), and people 65 years and older should also make sure they get the yearly flu vaccine. Seeking medical help for diseases like asthma can help stop the disease from getting worse. If you are unsure if you should go to the doctor, call the doctors office and ask. [SEP] Seeking medical help for diseases like asthma
People who have certain medical conditions including asthma, diabetes, and chronic lung disease, pregnant women, and people younger than 5 years (and especially those younger than 2), and people 65 years and older should also make sure they get the yearly flu vaccine. Seeking medical help for diseases like asthma can help stop the disease from getting worse. If you are unsure if you should go to the doctor, call the doctors office and ask. [SEP] can help stop the disease from getting worse
The muscle controlling the epiglottis is involuntary and prevents food from entering your lungs or wind pipe. The bronchioles lead to the alveoli. Alveoli are the little sacs at the end of the bronchioles (Figure 1.2). [SEP] The bronchioles
The muscle controlling the epiglottis is involuntary and prevents food from entering your lungs or wind pipe. The bronchioles lead to the alveoli. Alveoli are the little sacs at the end of the bronchioles (Figure 1.2). [SEP] the alveoli
Oxygen is exchanged for carbon dioxide in the alveoli. That means oxygen enters the blood, and carbon dioxide moves out of the blood. The gases are exchanged between the blood and alveoli by simple diffusion. [SEP] Oxygen is exchanged for carbon dioxide in the alveoli
Oxygen is exchanged for carbon dioxide in the alveoli. That means oxygen enters the blood, and carbon dioxide moves out of the blood. The gases are exchanged between the blood and alveoli by simple diffusion. [SEP] oxygen
DNA is located in the nucleus, which it never leaves, while proteins are made on ribosomes in the cytoplasm. So DNA needs a messenger to bring its instructions to a ribosome located outside of the nucleus. DNA sends out a message, in the form of RNA (ribonucleic acid), describing how to make the protein. [SEP] DNA is located in the nucleus , which it never leaves , while proteins are made on ribosomes in the cytoplasm
DNA is located in the nucleus, which it never leaves, while proteins are made on ribosomes in the cytoplasm. So DNA needs a messenger to bring its instructions to a ribosome located outside of the nucleus. DNA sends out a message, in the form of RNA (ribonucleic acid), describing how to make the protein. [SEP] DNA needs a messenger to bring its instructions to a ribosome located outside of the nucleus .
The other two forms of RNA, ribosomal RNA ( rRNA) and transfer RNA ( tRNA), are involved in the process of ordering the amino acids to make the protein. rRNA becomes part of the ribosome, which is the site of protein synthesis, and tRNA brings an amino acid to the ribosome so it can be added to a growing chain during protein synthesis. There are numerous tRNAs, as each tRNA is specific for an amino acid. [SEP] rRNA becomes part of the ribosome , which is the site of protein synthesis , and tRNA brings an amino acid to the ribosome
The other two forms of RNA, ribosomal RNA ( rRNA) and transfer RNA ( tRNA), are involved in the process of ordering the amino acids to make the protein. rRNA becomes part of the ribosome, which is the site of protein synthesis, and tRNA brings an amino acid to the ribosome so it can be added to a growing chain during protein synthesis. There are numerous tRNAs, as each tRNA is specific for an amino acid. [SEP] it can be added to a growing chain during protein synthesis .
rRNA becomes part of the ribosome, which is the site of protein synthesis, and tRNA brings an amino acid to the ribosome so it can be added to a growing chain during protein synthesis. There are numerous tRNAs, as each tRNA is specific for an amino acid. The amino acid actually attaches to the tRNA during this process. [SEP] each tRNA is specific for an amino acid .
rRNA becomes part of the ribosome, which is the site of protein synthesis, and tRNA brings an amino acid to the ribosome so it can be added to a growing chain during protein synthesis. There are numerous tRNAs, as each tRNA is specific for an amino acid. The amino acid actually attaches to the tRNA during this process. [SEP] There are numerous tRNAs
A comparison of DNA and RNA, with the bases of each shown. Notice that in RNA, uracil replaces thymine.  [SEP] Notice that in RNA
A comparison of DNA and RNA, with the bases of each shown. Notice that in RNA, uracil replaces thymine.  [SEP] uracil replaces thymine .
Many parasitic diseases caused by roundworms result from poor personal hygiene. Contributing factors may include lack of a clean water supply, inadequate sanitation measures, crowded living conditions, combined with a lack of access to health care and low levels of education.  [SEP] Contributing factors may include lack of a clean water supply
Many parasitic diseases caused by roundworms result from poor personal hygiene. Contributing factors may include lack of a clean water supply, inadequate sanitation measures, crowded living conditions, combined with a lack of access to health care and low levels of education.  [SEP] inadequate sanitation measures , crowded living conditions , combined with a lack of access to health care and low levels of education .
This informal term describes animals (usually invertebrates) that have long bodies with no arms or legs. Worms with round, non-segmented bodies are known as nematodes or roundworms ( Figure 1.1). They are classified in the phylum Nematoda, which has over 28,000 known species. [SEP] Worms with round
This informal term describes animals (usually invertebrates) that have long bodies with no arms or legs. Worms with round, non-segmented bodies are known as nematodes or roundworms ( Figure 1.1). They are classified in the phylum Nematoda, which has over 28,000 known species. [SEP] non-segmented bodies are known as nematodes or roundworms -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
Nematodes are slender bilaterally symmetrical worms, typically less than 2.5 mm long. The smallest nematodes are microscopic, while free-living species can reach as much as 5 cm, and some parasitic species are larger still, reaching over a meter in length. The worm body is often covered with ridges, rings, bristles, or other distinctive structures. [SEP] much as 5 cm , and some parasitic species are larger still ,
Nematodes are slender bilaterally symmetrical worms, typically less than 2.5 mm long. The smallest nematodes are microscopic, while free-living species can reach as much as 5 cm, and some parasitic species are larger still, reaching over a meter in length. The worm body is often covered with ridges, rings, bristles, or other distinctive structures. [SEP] The smallest nematodes are microscopic , while free-living species can reach
Segmented worms have a well-developed body cavity filled with fluid. This fluid-filled cavity serves as a hydroskeleton, a supportive structure that helps move the worms muscles. Only the most primitive worms (the flatworms) lack a body cavity. [SEP] a hydroskeleton , a supportive structure that helps move the worms
Segmented worms have a well-developed body cavity filled with fluid. This fluid-filled cavity serves as a hydroskeleton, a supportive structure that helps move the worms muscles. Only the most primitive worms (the flatworms) lack a body cavity. [SEP] This fluid-filled cavity serves
Segmented worms are in the phylum Annelida, which has over 22,000 known species. These worms are known as the segmented worms because their bodies are segmented, or separated into repeating units. Besides the earthworm, the segmented worms also include leeches and some marine worms. [SEP] their bodies are segmented
Segmented worms are in the phylum Annelida, which has over 22,000 known species. These worms are known as the segmented worms because their bodies are segmented, or separated into repeating units. Besides the earthworm, the segmented worms also include leeches and some marine worms. [SEP] or separated into repeating units .
You may have noticed many earthworms in soil. Earthworms support terrestrial ecosystems both as prey and by aerating and enriching soil.  [SEP] aerating and enriching soil
You may have noticed many earthworms in soil. Earthworms support terrestrial ecosystems both as prey and by aerating and enriching soil.  [SEP] Earthworms support terrestrial ecosystems both as prey and
If a baby inherits an X chromosome from the father and an X chromosome from the mother, what will be the childs sex? The baby will have two X chromosomes, so it will be female. If the fathers sperm carries the Y chromosome, the child will be male. [SEP] The baby will have two X chromosomes
If a baby inherits an X chromosome from the father and an X chromosome from the mother, what will be the childs sex? The baby will have two X chromosomes, so it will be female. If the fathers sperm carries the Y chromosome, the child will be male. [SEP] it will be female .
The baby will have two X chromosomes, so it will be female. If the fathers sperm carries the Y chromosome, the child will be male. Notice that a mother can only pass on an X chromosome, so the sex of the baby is determined by the father. [SEP] the fathers sperm carries the Y chromosome
The baby will have two X chromosomes, so it will be female. If the fathers sperm carries the Y chromosome, the child will be male. Notice that a mother can only pass on an X chromosome, so the sex of the baby is determined by the father. [SEP] the child will be male .
If the fathers sperm carries the Y chromosome, the child will be male. Notice that a mother can only pass on an X chromosome, so the sex of the baby is determined by the father. The father has a 50 percent chance of passing on the Y or X chromosome, so there is a 50 percent chance that a child will be male, and there is a 50 percent chance a child will be female. [SEP] Notice that a mother can only pass on an X chromosome
If the fathers sperm carries the Y chromosome, the child will be male. Notice that a mother can only pass on an X chromosome, so the sex of the baby is determined by the father. The father has a 50 percent chance of passing on the Y or X chromosome, so there is a 50 percent chance that a child will be male, and there is a 50 percent chance a child will be female. [SEP] the sex of the baby is determined by the father .
Notice that a mother can only pass on an X chromosome, so the sex of the baby is determined by the father. The father has a 50 percent chance of passing on the Y or X chromosome, so there is a 50 percent chance that a child will be male, and there is a 50 percent chance a child will be female. This 50:50 chance occurs for each baby. [SEP] The father has a 50 percent chance of passing on the Y or X chromosome
Notice that a mother can only pass on an X chromosome, so the sex of the baby is determined by the father. The father has a 50 percent chance of passing on the Y or X chromosome, so there is a 50 percent chance that a child will be male, and there is a 50 percent chance a child will be female. This 50:50 chance occurs for each baby. [SEP] there is a 50 percent chance that a child will be male , and there is a 50 percent chance a child will be female .
One special pattern of inheritance that doesnt fit Mendels rules is sex-linked inheritance, referring to the inher- itance of traits that are located on genes on the sex chromosomes. Since males and females do not have the same sex chromosomes, there will be differences between the sexes in how these sex-linked traitstraits linked to genes located on the sex chromosomesare expressed. Sex-linked traits usually refer to traits due to genes on the X chromosome. [SEP] males and females do not have the same sex chromosomes
One special pattern of inheritance that doesnt fit Mendels rules is sex-linked inheritance, referring to the inher- itance of traits that are located on genes on the sex chromosomes. Since males and females do not have the same sex chromosomes, there will be differences between the sexes in how these sex-linked traitstraits linked to genes located on the sex chromosomesare expressed. Sex-linked traits usually refer to traits due to genes on the X chromosome. [SEP] there will be differences between the sexes in how these sex-linked traitstraits linked to genes located on the sex chromosomesare expressed .
Since males and females do not have the same sex chromosomes, there will be differences between the sexes in how these sex-linked traitstraits linked to genes located on the sex chromosomesare expressed. Sex-linked traits usually refer to traits due to genes on the X chromosome. One example of a sex-linked trait is red-green colorblindness. [SEP] genes on the X chromosome
Since males and females do not have the same sex chromosomes, there will be differences between the sexes in how these sex-linked traitstraits linked to genes located on the sex chromosomesare expressed. Sex-linked traits usually refer to traits due to genes on the X chromosome. One example of a sex-linked trait is red-green colorblindness. [SEP] Sex-linked traits usually refer to traits
Boys are much more likely to be colorblind than girls ( Table 1.1). This is because colorblindness is a sex-linked, recessive trait. Boys only have one X chromosome, so if that chromosome carries the gene for colorblindness, they will be colorblind. [SEP] colorblindness is a sex-linked , recessive trait .
Boys are much more likely to be colorblind than girls ( Table 1.1). This is because colorblindness is a sex-linked, recessive trait. Boys only have one X chromosome, so if that chromosome carries the gene for colorblindness, they will be colorblind. [SEP] Boys are much more likely to be colorblind than girls -LRB- Table 1.1 -RRB-
This is because colorblindness is a sex-linked, recessive trait. Boys only have one X chromosome, so if that chromosome carries the gene for colorblindness, they will be colorblind. As girls have two X chromosomes, a girl can have one X chromosome with the colorblind gene and one X chromosome with a normal gene for color vision. [SEP] Boys only have one X chromosome
This is because colorblindness is a sex-linked, recessive trait. Boys only have one X chromosome, so if that chromosome carries the gene for colorblindness, they will be colorblind. As girls have two X chromosomes, a girl can have one X chromosome with the colorblind gene and one X chromosome with a normal gene for color vision. [SEP] if that chromosome carries the gene for colorblindness , they will be colorblind .
Boys only have one X chromosome, so if that chromosome carries the gene for colorblindness, they will be colorblind. As girls have two X chromosomes, a girl can have one X chromosome with the colorblind gene and one X chromosome with a normal gene for color vision. Since colorblindness is recessive, the dominant normal gene will mask the recessive colorblind gene. [SEP] girls have two X chromosomes , a girl can have one X chromosome with the colorblind gene and one X chromosome with a normal gene for color vision .
Boys only have one X chromosome, so if that chromosome carries the gene for colorblindness, they will be colorblind. As girls have two X chromosomes, a girl can have one X chromosome with the colorblind gene and one X chromosome with a normal gene for color vision. Since colorblindness is recessive, the dominant normal gene will mask the recessive colorblind gene. [SEP] if that chromosome carries the gene for colorblindness , they will be colorblind .
As girls have two X chromosomes, a girl can have one X chromosome with the colorblind gene and one X chromosome with a normal gene for color vision. Since colorblindness is recessive, the dominant normal gene will mask the recessive colorblind gene. Females with one colorblindness allele and one normal allele are referred to as carriers. [SEP] colorblindness is recessive
As girls have two X chromosomes, a girl can have one X chromosome with the colorblind gene and one X chromosome with a normal gene for color vision. Since colorblindness is recessive, the dominant normal gene will mask the recessive colorblind gene. Females with one colorblindness allele and one normal allele are referred to as carriers. [SEP] the dominant normal gene will mask the recessive colorblind gene .
XY (normal male) According to this Punnett square ( Table 1.1), the son of a woman who carries the colorblindness trait and a male with normal vision has a 50% chance of being colorblind.  [SEP] this Punnett square -LRB- Table 1.1 -RRB-
XY (normal male) According to this Punnett square ( Table 1.1), the son of a woman who carries the colorblindness trait and a male with normal vision has a 50% chance of being colorblind.  [SEP] the son of a woman who carries the colorblindness trait and a male with normal vision has a 50 % chance of being colorblind .
Many doctors recommend that females between the ages of 9 and 26 years receive the vaccine. Preventing HPV infections in females is important because HPV can also cause cancer of the cervix. A related herpes virus causes cold sores on the lips [SEP] HPV can also cause cancer of the cervix .
Many doctors recommend that females between the ages of 9 and 26 years receive the vaccine. Preventing HPV infections in females is important because HPV can also cause cancer of the cervix. A related herpes virus causes cold sores on the lips [SEP] Preventing HPV infections in females is important
( Table Myth If you are sexually active with just one person, you cant get STIs. If you dont have any symptoms, then you dont have an STI. [SEP] you are sexually active with just one person
( Table Myth If you are sexually active with just one person, you cant get STIs. If you dont have any symptoms, then you dont have an STI. [SEP] you cant get STIs .
If you are sexually active with just one person, you cant get STIs. If you dont have any symptoms, then you dont have an STI. Getting STIs is no big deal, because STIs can be cured with medicine. [SEP] you dont have any symptoms
If you are sexually active with just one person, you cant get STIs. If you dont have any symptoms, then you dont have an STI. Getting STIs is no big deal, because STIs can be cured with medicine. [SEP] then you dont have an STI .
If you dont have any symptoms, then you dont have an STI. Getting STIs is no big deal, because STIs can be cured with medicine. Fact [SEP] STIs can be cured with medicine .
If you dont have any symptoms, then you dont have an STI. Getting STIs is no big deal, because STIs can be cured with medicine. Fact [SEP] Getting STIs is no big deal
But antibiotics are not effective against viruses. Therefore, STIs caused by viruses are not treated with antibiotics. Other drugs may be used to help control the symptoms of viral STIs, but they cannot be cured. [SEP] But antibiotics are not effective against viruses
But antibiotics are not effective against viruses. Therefore, STIs caused by viruses are not treated with antibiotics. Other drugs may be used to help control the symptoms of viral STIs, but they cannot be cured. [SEP] STIs caused by viruses are not treated with antibiotics .
Other drugs may be used to help control the symptoms of viral STIs, but they cannot be cured. Once you have a viral STI, you are usually infected for life.  [SEP] you have a viral STI
Other drugs may be used to help control the symptoms of viral STIs, but they cannot be cured. Once you have a viral STI, you are usually infected for life.  [SEP] you are usually infected for life .
But in many cases it causes no symptoms. As a result, people do not know they are infected, so they dont go to the doctor for help. If chlamydia goes untreated, it may cause more serious problems in females. [SEP] , people do not know they are infected
But in many cases it causes no symptoms. As a result, people do not know they are infected, so they dont go to the doctor for help. If chlamydia goes untreated, it may cause more serious problems in females. [SEP] they dont go to the doctor for help .
As a result, people do not know they are infected, so they dont go to the doctor for help. If chlamydia goes untreated, it may cause more serious problems in females. It may cause infections of the uterus, fallopian tubes, or ovaries. [SEP] chlamydia goes untreated
As a result, people do not know they are infected, so they dont go to the doctor for help. If chlamydia goes untreated, it may cause more serious problems in females. It may cause infections of the uterus, fallopian tubes, or ovaries. [SEP] it may cause more serious problems in females .
On the other hand, some people with gonorrhea have no symptoms. As a result, they dont seek treatment. Without treatment, gonorrhea may lead to infection of other reproductive organs. [SEP] On the other hand , some people with gonorrhea have no symptoms
On the other hand, some people with gonorrhea have no symptoms. As a result, they dont seek treatment. Without treatment, gonorrhea may lead to infection of other reproductive organs. [SEP] they dont seek treatment .
As a result, they dont seek treatment. Without treatment, gonorrhea may lead to infection of other reproductive organs. This can happen in males as well as females. [SEP] gonorrhea
As a result, they dont seek treatment. Without treatment, gonorrhea may lead to infection of other reproductive organs. This can happen in males as well as females. [SEP] infection of other reproductive organs
This is followed a few months later by a rash and flu-like symptoms. If syphilis is not treated, it may damage the heart, brain, and other organs. It can even cause death. [SEP] syphilis is not treated
This is followed a few months later by a rash and flu-like symptoms. If syphilis is not treated, it may damage the heart, brain, and other organs. It can even cause death. [SEP] it may damage the heart , brain , and other organs .
It forms the waterproof, protective wrap over the bodys surface. Although the top layer of epidermis is only about as thick as a sheet of paper, it is made up of 25 to 30 layers of cells. The epidermis also contains cells that produce melanin. [SEP] thick as a sheet of paper , it is made up of 25 to 30 layers of cells .
It forms the waterproof, protective wrap over the bodys surface. Although the top layer of epidermis is only about as thick as a sheet of paper, it is made up of 25 to 30 layers of cells. The epidermis also contains cells that produce melanin. [SEP] the top layer of epidermis is only about
It is odorless, but the breakdown of sebum by bacteria can cause odors. If an oil gland becomes plugged and infected, it develops into a pimple. Up to 85% of teenagers get pimples, which usually go away by adulthood. [SEP] an oil gland becomes plugged and infected
It is odorless, but the breakdown of sebum by bacteria can cause odors. If an oil gland becomes plugged and infected, it develops into a pimple. Up to 85% of teenagers get pimples, which usually go away by adulthood. [SEP] it develops into a pimple .
Controls body temperature. It does this by making sweat (or perspiration), a watery substance that cools the body when it evaporates. Gathers information about your environment. [SEP] making sweat -LRB- or perspiration -RRB- , a watery substance that cools the body when it evaporates
Controls body temperature. It does this by making sweat (or perspiration), a watery substance that cools the body when it evaporates. Gathers information about your environment. [SEP] It does this
 Your skin is always exposed to your external environment, so it gets cut, scratched, and worn down. You also naturally shed many skin cells every day. [SEP] Your skin is always exposed to your external environment
 Your skin is always exposed to your external environment, so it gets cut, scratched, and worn down. You also naturally shed many skin cells every day. [SEP] it gets cut , scratched , and worn down .
You also naturally shed many skin cells every day. Your body replaces damaged or missing skin cells by growing more of them. Did you know that the layer of skin you can see is actually dead? [SEP] growing more of them
You also naturally shed many skin cells every day. Your body replaces damaged or missing skin cells by growing more of them. Did you know that the layer of skin you can see is actually dead? [SEP] Your body replaces damaged or missing skin cells
Did you know that the layer of skin you can see is actually dead? As the dead cells are shed or removed from the upper layer, they are replaced by the skin cells below them. Two different layers make up the skin: the epidermis and the dermis ( Figure 1.2). [SEP] the dead cells are shed or removed from the upper layer , they are replaced by the skin cells below them .
Did you know that the layer of skin you can see is actually dead? As the dead cells are shed or removed from the upper layer, they are replaced by the skin cells below them. Two different layers make up the skin: the epidermis and the dermis ( Figure 1.2). [SEP] you know that the layer of skin you can see is actually dead ?
Shortening of muscle fibers is called contraction. Muscle fibers can contract because they are made of proteins, called actin and myosin, that form long filaments (or fibers). When muscles contract, these protein filaments slide or glide past one another, shortening the length of the cell. [SEP] they are made of proteins
Shortening of muscle fibers is called contraction. Muscle fibers can contract because they are made of proteins, called actin and myosin, that form long filaments (or fibers). When muscles contract, these protein filaments slide or glide past one another, shortening the length of the cell. [SEP] called actin and myosin , that form long filaments -LRB- or fibers -RRB- .
When your muscles relax, the length extends back to the previous position. Nearly all movement in the body is the result of muscle contraction. You can control some muscle movements. [SEP] muscle contraction
When your muscles relax, the length extends back to the previous position. Nearly all movement in the body is the result of muscle contraction. You can control some muscle movements. [SEP] Nearly all movement in the body
They can also contract involuntarily by reflexes. For example, you can choose to move your arm, but your arm would move automatically if you were to burn your finger on a stove top. This voluntary contraction begins with a thought process. [SEP] you were to burn your finger on a stove top .
They can also contract involuntarily by reflexes. For example, you can choose to move your arm, but your arm would move automatically if you were to burn your finger on a stove top. This voluntary contraction begins with a thought process. [SEP] your arm , but your arm would move automatically
 While to many people clean water may seem limitless and everywhere, to many others this is not so. Water pollution is a serious issue facing hundreds of millions of people world-wide, having harmful effects on the lives of those people. [SEP] While to many people clean water may seem limitless and everywhere , to many others this is not
 While to many people clean water may seem limitless and everywhere, to many others this is not so. Water pollution is a serious issue facing hundreds of millions of people world-wide, having harmful effects on the lives of those people. [SEP] . Water pollution is a serious issue facing hundreds of millions of people world-wide , having harmful effects on the lives of those people
Contaminants are any substances that harm the health of the environment or humans. Most contaminants enter the water because of humans. Surface water (river or lake) can be exposed to and contaminated by acid rain, storm water runoff, pesticide runoff, and industrial waste. [SEP] Most contaminants enter the water
Contaminants are any substances that harm the health of the environment or humans. Most contaminants enter the water because of humans. Surface water (river or lake) can be exposed to and contaminated by acid rain, storm water runoff, pesticide runoff, and industrial waste. [SEP] . Surface water -LRB- river or lake -RRB- can be exposed to and contaminated by acid rain , storm water runoff , pesticide runoff , and industrial waste
Water is considered polluted either when it does not support a human use, like clean drinking water, or a use for other animals and plants. The overgrowth of algae, known as an algal bloom, can result from the runoff of fertilizer into bodies of water. This excess of nutrients allows the algae to grow beyond control, bring harm to the rest of the ecosystem. [SEP] The overgrowth of algae , known
Water is considered polluted either when it does not support a human use, like clean drinking water, or a use for other animals and plants. The overgrowth of algae, known as an algal bloom, can result from the runoff of fertilizer into bodies of water. This excess of nutrients allows the algae to grow beyond control, bring harm to the rest of the ecosystem. [SEP] from the runoff of fertilizer into bodies of water . This excess of nutrients allows the algae to grow beyond control , bring harm to the rest of the ecosystem
The senses of taste and smell are more complicated than many people might think and have a surprisingly large impact on behavior, perception and overall health. Imagine your sense of smell disappearing as you age. Though this doesnt usually happen, it could provide clues about diseases of the nervous system. [SEP] you age .
The senses of taste and smell are more complicated than many people might think and have a surprisingly large impact on behavior, perception and overall health. Imagine your sense of smell disappearing as you age. Though this doesnt usually happen, it could provide clues about diseases of the nervous system. [SEP] The senses of taste and smell are more complicated than many people might think and have a surprisingly large impact on behavior , perception and overall health . Imagine your sense of smell disappearing
Do all foods taste the same to all people? Are there some foods you would never eat because you dont like the taste? Does this food taste good to other people? [SEP] you dont like the taste ?
Do all foods taste the same to all people? Are there some foods you would never eat because you dont like the taste? Does this food taste good to other people? [SEP] Are there some foods you would never eat
Bitter is an unpleasant, sharp, or disagreeable taste. Common bitter foods and beverages include coffee, unsweetened cocoa, beer (due to hops), olives, and citrus peel. 5. [SEP] hops
Bitter is an unpleasant, sharp, or disagreeable taste. Common bitter foods and beverages include coffee, unsweetened cocoa, beer (due to hops), olives, and citrus peel. 5. [SEP] Common bitter foods and beverages include coffee , unsweetened cocoa , beer -LRB-
Have you ever noticed that you lose your sense of taste when your nose is stuffed up? Thats because your sense of smell greatly affects your ability to taste food. As you eat, molecules of food chemicals enter your nose (actually your nasal cavity). [SEP] your sense of smell greatly affects your ability to taste food .
Have you ever noticed that you lose your sense of taste when your nose is stuffed up? Thats because your sense of smell greatly affects your ability to taste food. As you eat, molecules of food chemicals enter your nose (actually your nasal cavity). [SEP] you ever noticed that you lose your sense of taste when your nose is stuffed up ? Thats
Thats because your sense of smell greatly affects your ability to taste food. As you eat, molecules of food chemicals enter your nose (actually your nasal cavity). You experience the taste and smell at the same time. [SEP] you eat , molecules of food chemicals enter your nose -LRB- actually your nasal cavity -RRB- .
Thats because your sense of smell greatly affects your ability to taste food. As you eat, molecules of food chemicals enter your nose (actually your nasal cavity). You experience the taste and smell at the same time. [SEP] Thats because your sense of smell greatly affects your ability to taste food .
You experience the taste and smell at the same time. Being able to smell as well as taste food greatly increases the number of different flavors you are able to sense. For example, you can use your sense of taste alone to learn that a food is sweet, but you have to also use your sense of smell to learn that the food tastes like strawberry cheesecake. [SEP] Being able to smell as well as taste food greatly
You experience the taste and smell at the same time. Being able to smell as well as taste food greatly increases the number of different flavors you are able to sense. For example, you can use your sense of taste alone to learn that a food is sweet, but you have to also use your sense of smell to learn that the food tastes like strawberry cheesecake. [SEP] increases the number of different flavors you are able to sense .
Specific scents are often associated with our memories of places and events. Thats because scents are more novel or specific than shapes or other things you might see. So an odor similar to that of your grandmothers kitchen or pantry might be more quickly associated with your memories of that place than a similar sight, which might be more generalized. [SEP] scents are more novel or specific than shapes or other things you might see .
Specific scents are often associated with our memories of places and events. Thats because scents are more novel or specific than shapes or other things you might see. So an odor similar to that of your grandmothers kitchen or pantry might be more quickly associated with your memories of that place than a similar sight, which might be more generalized. [SEP] scents are often associated with our memories of places and events . Thats
Thats because scents are more novel or specific than shapes or other things you might see. So an odor similar to that of your grandmothers kitchen or pantry might be more quickly associated with your memories of that place than a similar sight, which might be more generalized.  [SEP] Thats because scents are more novel or specific than shapes or other things you might see
Thats because scents are more novel or specific than shapes or other things you might see. So an odor similar to that of your grandmothers kitchen or pantry might be more quickly associated with your memories of that place than a similar sight, which might be more generalized.  [SEP] an odor similar to that of your grandmothers kitchen or pantry might be more quickly associated with your memories of that place than a similar sight , which might be more generalized .
The cycling of carbon occurs through the carbon cycle. Living organisms cannot make their own carbon, so how is carbon incorporated into living organisms? In the atmosphere, carbon is in the form of carbon dioxide gas (CO2 ). [SEP] Living organisms can not make their own carbon
The cycling of carbon occurs through the carbon cycle. Living organisms cannot make their own carbon, so how is carbon incorporated into living organisms? In the atmosphere, carbon is in the form of carbon dioxide gas (CO2 ). [SEP] how is carbon incorporated into living organisms ?
We, like all animals, exhale this carbon dioxide and return it back to the atmosphere. Also, carbon is released to the atmosphere as an organism dies and decomposes. Cellular respiration and photosynthesis can be described as a cycle, as one uses carbon dioxide (and water) and makes oxygen (and glucose), and the other uses oxygen (and glucose) and makes carbon dioxide (and water). [SEP] an organism dies and decomposes .
We, like all animals, exhale this carbon dioxide and return it back to the atmosphere. Also, carbon is released to the atmosphere as an organism dies and decomposes. Cellular respiration and photosynthesis can be described as a cycle, as one uses carbon dioxide (and water) and makes oxygen (and glucose), and the other uses oxygen (and glucose) and makes carbon dioxide (and water). [SEP] Also , carbon is released to the atmosphere
Also, carbon is released to the atmosphere as an organism dies and decomposes. Cellular respiration and photosynthesis can be described as a cycle, as one uses carbon dioxide (and water) and makes oxygen (and glucose), and the other uses oxygen (and glucose) and makes carbon dioxide (and water). The carbon cycle. [SEP] a cycle , as one uses carbon dioxide -LRB- and water -RRB- and makes oxygen -LRB- and glucose -RRB- , and the other uses oxygen -LRB- and glucose -RRB- and
Also, carbon is released to the atmosphere as an organism dies and decomposes. Cellular respiration and photosynthesis can be described as a cycle, as one uses carbon dioxide (and water) and makes oxygen (and glucose), and the other uses oxygen (and glucose) and makes carbon dioxide (and water). The carbon cycle. [SEP] Cellular respiration and photosynthesis can be described
 Millions of years ago, there were so many dead plants and animals that they could not completely decompose before they were buried. They were covered over by soil or sand, tar or ice. [SEP] Millions of years ago , there were so many dead
 Millions of years ago, there were so many dead plants and animals that they could not completely decompose before they were buried. They were covered over by soil or sand, tar or ice. [SEP] they could not completely decompose before they were buried .
The burning of fossil fuels releases more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than is used by photosynthesis. So, there is more carbon dioxide entering the atmosphere than is coming out of it. Carbon dioxide is known as a greenhouse gas, since it lets in light energy but does not let heat escape, much like the panes of a greenhouse. [SEP] The burning of fossil fuels releases more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than is used by photosynthesis
The burning of fossil fuels releases more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than is used by photosynthesis. So, there is more carbon dioxide entering the atmosphere than is coming out of it. Carbon dioxide is known as a greenhouse gas, since it lets in light energy but does not let heat escape, much like the panes of a greenhouse. [SEP] there is more carbon dioxide entering the atmosphere than is coming out of it .
So, there is more carbon dioxide entering the atmosphere than is coming out of it. Carbon dioxide is known as a greenhouse gas, since it lets in light energy but does not let heat escape, much like the panes of a greenhouse. The increase of greenhouse gasses in the atmosphere is contributing to a global rise in Earths temperature, known as global warming or global climate change. [SEP] it lets in light energy but does not let heat escape , much like the panes of a greenhouse .
So, there is more carbon dioxide entering the atmosphere than is coming out of it. Carbon dioxide is known as a greenhouse gas, since it lets in light energy but does not let heat escape, much like the panes of a greenhouse. The increase of greenhouse gasses in the atmosphere is contributing to a global rise in Earths temperature, known as global warming or global climate change. [SEP] Carbon dioxide is known as a greenhouse gas
 Turning nitrate back into nitrogen gas, the process of denitrification, happens through the work of denitrifying bacteria. These bacteria often live in swamps and lakes. [SEP] Turning nitrate back into nitrogen gas
 Turning nitrate back into nitrogen gas, the process of denitrification, happens through the work of denitrifying bacteria. These bacteria often live in swamps and lakes. [SEP] the process of denitrification , happens through the work of denitrifying bacteria .
These human activities include the burning of fossil fuels, which release nitrogen oxide gasses into the atmosphere. Releasing nitrogen oxide back into the atmosphere leads to problems like acid rain.  [SEP] Releasing nitrogen oxide back into the atmosphere
These human activities include the burning of fossil fuels, which release nitrogen oxide gasses into the atmosphere. Releasing nitrogen oxide back into the atmosphere leads to problems like acid rain.  [SEP] problems like acid rain
Nitrogen is one of the most common elements in living organisms. It is important for creating both proteins and nucleic acids, like DNA. The air that we breathe is mostly nitrogen gas (N2 ), but, unfortunately, animals and plants cannot use the nitrogen when it is a gas. [SEP] creating both proteins and nucleic acids
Nitrogen is one of the most common elements in living organisms. It is important for creating both proteins and nucleic acids, like DNA. The air that we breathe is mostly nitrogen gas (N2 ), but, unfortunately, animals and plants cannot use the nitrogen when it is a gas. [SEP] It is important
Nitrogen gas (N2 ) has two nitrogen atoms connected by a very strong triple bond. Most plants and animals cannot use the nitrogen in nitrogen gas because they cannot break that triple bond. In order for plants to make use of nitrogen, it must be transformed into molecules they can use. [SEP] they can not break that triple bond .
Nitrogen gas (N2 ) has two nitrogen atoms connected by a very strong triple bond. Most plants and animals cannot use the nitrogen in nitrogen gas because they cannot break that triple bond. In order for plants to make use of nitrogen, it must be transformed into molecules they can use. [SEP] Most plants and animals can not use the nitrogen in nitrogen gas
Life cannot exist without water. Many organisms contain a large amount of water in their bodies, and many live in water, so the water cycle is essential to life on Earth. Water continuously moves between living organisms, such as plants, and non-living things, such as clouds, rivers, and oceans ( Figure [SEP] Many organisms contain a large amount of water in their bodies , and many live in water
Life cannot exist without water. Many organisms contain a large amount of water in their bodies, and many live in water, so the water cycle is essential to life on Earth. Water continuously moves between living organisms, such as plants, and non-living things, such as clouds, rivers, and oceans ( Figure [SEP] the water cycle is essential to life on Earth .
Water evaporates from the surface of the oceans, leaving behind salts. As the water vapor rises, it collects and is stored in clouds. 2. [SEP] the water vapor rises , it collects and is stored in clouds .
Water evaporates from the surface of the oceans, leaving behind salts. As the water vapor rises, it collects and is stored in clouds. 2. [SEP] Water evaporates from the surface of the oceans , leaving behind salts .
Even though large life forms have been very successful on Earth, most of the life forms on Earth today are still prokaryotessmall, relatively simple single-celled organisms. As it is difficult to identify, observe and study such small forms of life, most of these organisms remain unknown to scientists. Advancing technologies, however, do allow for the identification and study of such organisms. [SEP] it is difficult to identify , observe and study such small forms of life , most of these organisms remain unknown to scientists .
Even though large life forms have been very successful on Earth, most of the life forms on Earth today are still prokaryotessmall, relatively simple single-celled organisms. As it is difficult to identify, observe and study such small forms of life, most of these organisms remain unknown to scientists. Advancing technologies, however, do allow for the identification and study of such organisms. [SEP] Even though large life forms have been very successful on Earth , most of the life forms on Earth today are still prokaryotessmall , relatively simple single-celled organisms .
The Earth is at least as old as its oldest rocks. The oldest rock minerals found on Earth so far are crystals that are at least 4.404 billion years old. These tiny crystals were found in Australia. [SEP] oldest rock minerals found on Earth so far
The Earth is at least as old as its oldest rocks. The oldest rock minerals found on Earth so far are crystals that are at least 4.404 billion years old. These tiny crystals were found in Australia. [SEP] are at least 4.404 billion years old .
The oldest possible age of Earth is 4.57 billion years old, the age of the solar system. Therefore, the age of Earth is between 4.4 and 4.57 billion years.  [SEP] The oldest possible age of Earth is 4.57 billion years old , the age of the solar system
The oldest possible age of Earth is 4.57 billion years old, the age of the solar system. Therefore, the age of Earth is between 4.4 and 4.57 billion years.  [SEP] the age of Earth is between 4.4 and 4.57 billion years .
Neurons that sense pain are also found inside the body in muscles, joints, and organs. If you have a stomach ache or pain from a sprained ankle, its because of these sensory neurons found inside of your body. The following example shows how messages about touch travel from sensory neurons to the brain, as well as how the brain responds to the messages. [SEP] have a stomach ache or pain from a sprained ankle , its
Neurons that sense pain are also found inside the body in muscles, joints, and organs. If you have a stomach ache or pain from a sprained ankle, its because of these sensory neurons found inside of your body. The following example shows how messages about touch travel from sensory neurons to the brain, as well as how the brain responds to the messages. [SEP] sensory neurons found inside of your body .
In some cases, messages about pain or temperature dont travel all the way to and from the brain. Instead, they travel only as far as the spinal cord, and the spinal cord responds to the messages by giving orders to the muscles. This allows you to respond to pain more quickly. [SEP] giving orders to the muscles
In some cases, messages about pain or temperature dont travel all the way to and from the brain. Instead, they travel only as far as the spinal cord, and the spinal cord responds to the messages by giving orders to the muscles. This allows you to respond to pain more quickly. [SEP] the spinal cord , and the spinal cord responds to the messages
Mechanoreceptors perceive sensations such as pressure, vibrations, and texture. Your brain gets an enormous amount of information about the texture of objects through your fingertips because the ridges that make up your fingerprints are full of these sensitive receptors. Thermoreceptors perceive sensations related to the temperature of objects. [SEP] the ridges that make up your fingerprints are full of these sensitive receptors .
Mechanoreceptors perceive sensations such as pressure, vibrations, and texture. Your brain gets an enormous amount of information about the texture of objects through your fingertips because the ridges that make up your fingerprints are full of these sensitive receptors. Thermoreceptors perceive sensations related to the temperature of objects. [SEP] Your brain gets an enormous amount of information about the texture of objects through your fingertips
Remember that information in a gene is converted into mRNA, which carries the information to the ribosome. In the nucleus, mRNA is created by using the DNA in a gene as a template. A template is a model provided for others to copy. [SEP] using the DNA in a gene as a template
Remember that information in a gene is converted into mRNA, which carries the information to the ribosome. In the nucleus, mRNA is created by using the DNA in a gene as a template. A template is a model provided for others to copy. [SEP] In the nucleus , mRNA is created
Every triplet in the DNA, or codon in the mRNA, encodes for a unique amino acid. Base-pairing ensures the accuracy of transcription. Notice how the helix must unwind for transcription to take place. [SEP] Base-pairing
Every triplet in the DNA, or codon in the mRNA, encodes for a unique amino acid. Base-pairing ensures the accuracy of transcription. Notice how the helix must unwind for transcription to take place. [SEP] the accuracy of transcription
the mRNA is translated from the language of nucleic acids (nucleotides) to the language of proteins (amino acids). Sets of three bases, called codons, are read in the ribosome, the organelle responsible for making proteins. This summary of how genes are ex- [SEP] making proteins
the mRNA is translated from the language of nucleic acids (nucleotides) to the language of proteins (amino acids). Sets of three bases, called codons, are read in the ribosome, the organelle responsible for making proteins. This summary of how genes are ex- [SEP] Sets of three bases , called codons , are read in the ribosome , the organelle responsible
They are called stop codons and do not code for an amino acid. Once tRNA comes to a stop codon, the protein is set free from the ribosome. The following chart ( Figure 1.3) is used to determine which amino acids correspond to which codons. [SEP] tRNA comes to a stop codon
They are called stop codons and do not code for an amino acid. Once tRNA comes to a stop codon, the protein is set free from the ribosome. The following chart ( Figure 1.3) is used to determine which amino acids correspond to which codons. [SEP] the protein is set free from the ribosome .
Some echinoderms find other ways of moving. For example, crinoids attach themselves to floating logs, and some sea cucumbers move by attaching to the sides of fish. On the underside side of a sea star, there are hundreds of tiny feet usually arranged into several rows on each ray of the star. [SEP] attaching to the sides of fish
Some echinoderms find other ways of moving. For example, crinoids attach themselves to floating logs, and some sea cucumbers move by attaching to the sides of fish. On the underside side of a sea star, there are hundreds of tiny feet usually arranged into several rows on each ray of the star. [SEP] some sea cucumbers move
The water vascular system within the body of the animal is also filled with seawater. By expanding and contracting chambers within the water vascular system, the echinoderm can force water into certain tube feet to extend them. The animal has muscles in the tube feet, which are used to retract them. [SEP] expanding and contracting chambers within the water vascular system
The water vascular system within the body of the animal is also filled with seawater. By expanding and contracting chambers within the water vascular system, the echinoderm can force water into certain tube feet to extend them. The animal has muscles in the tube feet, which are used to retract them. [SEP] , the echinoderm can force water into certain tube feet to extend them .
The animal has muscles in the tube feet, which are used to retract them. By expanding and retracting the right tube feet in the proper order, the animal can walk.  [SEP] expanding and retracting the right tube feet in the proper order
The animal has muscles in the tube feet, which are used to retract them. By expanding and retracting the right tube feet in the proper order, the animal can walk.  [SEP] , the animal can walk .
some organisms such as plants are able to make their own glucose. As animals cannot photosynthesize, they must eat to obtain carbohydrates. Through the process of cellular respiration, glucose is converted by cells into energy that is usable by the cell (ATP). [SEP] animals can not photosynthesize , they must eat to obtain carbohydrates .
some organisms such as plants are able to make their own glucose. As animals cannot photosynthesize, they must eat to obtain carbohydrates. Through the process of cellular respiration, glucose is converted by cells into energy that is usable by the cell (ATP). [SEP] some organisms such as plants are able to make their own glucose .
When your body digests food, it breaks down the molecules of these nutrients. This releases the energy so your body can use it.  [SEP] This releases the energy
When your body digests food, it breaks down the molecules of these nutrients. This releases the energy so your body can use it.  [SEP] your body can use it .
Between the ages of 9 and 13 years, girls need about 26 grams of fiber per day, and boys need about 31 grams of fiber per day. If you eat more than you need for these purposes, the extra protein is used for energy. The image below shows how many grams of protein you need each day ( Figure 1.3). [SEP] you eat more than you need for these purposes
Between the ages of 9 and 13 years, girls need about 26 grams of fiber per day, and boys need about 31 grams of fiber per day. If you eat more than you need for these purposes, the extra protein is used for energy. The image below shows how many grams of protein you need each day ( Figure 1.3). [SEP] the extra protein is used for energy .
They are found mainly in animal foods, such as meats, whole milk, and eggs. So even though these foods are good sources of proteins, they should be eaten in limited amounts. Saturated lipids increase cholesterol levels in the blood. [SEP] They are found mainly in animal foods , such as meats , whole milk , and eggs
They are found mainly in animal foods, such as meats, whole milk, and eggs. So even though these foods are good sources of proteins, they should be eaten in limited amounts. Saturated lipids increase cholesterol levels in the blood. [SEP] even though these foods are good sources of proteins , they should be eaten in limited amounts .
Hyperopia is corrected with a convex lens, which curves outward like the outside of a bowl. The lens changes the focus so that images fall on the retina as they should. Common signs of farsightedness include difficulty in concentrating and maintaining a clear focus on close objects, eye strain, fatigue and headaches after close work, and aching or burning eyes, especially after intense concentration on close work. [SEP] The lens changes the focus
Hyperopia is corrected with a convex lens, which curves outward like the outside of a bowl. The lens changes the focus so that images fall on the retina as they should. Common signs of farsightedness include difficulty in concentrating and maintaining a clear focus on close objects, eye strain, fatigue and headaches after close work, and aching or burning eyes, especially after intense concentration on close work. [SEP] images fall on the retina as they should .
Hyperopia is corrected with a convex lens, which curves outward like the outside of a bowl. The lens changes the focus so that images fall on the retina as they should. Common signs of farsightedness include difficulty in concentrating and maintaining a clear focus on close objects, eye strain, fatigue and headaches after close work, and aching or burning eyes, especially after intense concentration on close work. [SEP] they should .
Hyperopia is corrected with a convex lens, which curves outward like the outside of a bowl. The lens changes the focus so that images fall on the retina as they should. Common signs of farsightedness include difficulty in concentrating and maintaining a clear focus on close objects, eye strain, fatigue and headaches after close work, and aching or burning eyes, especially after intense concentration on close work. [SEP] images fall on the retina
In addition to lenses, many cases of myopia and hyperopia can be corrected with surgery. For example, a procedure called LASIK (Laser-Assisted in situ Keratomileusis) uses a laser to permanently change the shape of the cornea so light is correctly focused on the retina.  [SEP] For example , a procedure called LASIK -LRB- Laser-Assisted in situ Keratomileusis -RRB- uses a laser to permanently change the shape of the cornea
In addition to lenses, many cases of myopia and hyperopia can be corrected with surgery. For example, a procedure called LASIK (Laser-Assisted in situ Keratomileusis) uses a laser to permanently change the shape of the cornea so light is correctly focused on the retina.  [SEP] light is correctly focused on the retina .
Myopia is corrected with a concave lens, which curves inward like the inside of a bowl. The lens changes the focus, so images fall on the retina as they should. Generally, nearsightedness first occurs in school-age children. [SEP] The lens changes the focus
Myopia is corrected with a concave lens, which curves inward like the inside of a bowl. The lens changes the focus, so images fall on the retina as they should. Generally, nearsightedness first occurs in school-age children. [SEP] images fall on the retina as they should .
Myopia is corrected with a concave lens, which curves inward like the inside of a bowl. The lens changes the focus, so images fall on the retina as they should. Generally, nearsightedness first occurs in school-age children. [SEP] they should .
Myopia is corrected with a concave lens, which curves inward like the inside of a bowl. The lens changes the focus, so images fall on the retina as they should. Generally, nearsightedness first occurs in school-age children. [SEP] images fall on the retina
There is some evidence that myopia is inherited. If one or both of your parents need glasses, there is an increased chance that you will too. Individuals who spend a lot of time reading, working or playing at a computer, or doing other close visual work may also be more likely to develop nearsightedness. [SEP] one or both of your parents need glasses
There is some evidence that myopia is inherited. If one or both of your parents need glasses, there is an increased chance that you will too. Individuals who spend a lot of time reading, working or playing at a computer, or doing other close visual work may also be more likely to develop nearsightedness. [SEP] there is an increased chance that you will too .
Individuals who spend a lot of time reading, working or playing at a computer, or doing other close visual work may also be more likely to develop nearsightedness. Because the eye continues to grow during childhood, myopia typically progresses until On the left, you can see how a person with normal vision sees two boys. The right image shows how a person with myopia sees the boys. [SEP] the eye continues to grow during childhood
Individuals who spend a lot of time reading, working or playing at a computer, or doing other close visual work may also be more likely to develop nearsightedness. Because the eye continues to grow during childhood, myopia typically progresses until On the left, you can see how a person with normal vision sees two boys. The right image shows how a person with myopia sees the boys. [SEP] myopia typically progresses until On the left , you can see how a person with normal vision sees two boys .
The eye of a person with myopia is longer than normal. As a result, images are focused in front of the retina (top left). A concave lens is used to correct myopia to help focus images on the retina (top right). [SEP] The eye of a person with myopia is longer than normal
The eye of a person with myopia is longer than normal. As a result, images are focused in front of the retina (top left). A concave lens is used to correct myopia to help focus images on the retina (top right). [SEP] images are focused in front of the retina -LRB- top left -RRB- .
about age 20. However, nearsightedness may also develop in adults due to visual stress or health conditions such as diabetes. A common sign of nearsightedness is difficulty seeing distant objects like a movie screen or the TV, or the whiteboard or chalkboard in school. [SEP] visual stress or health conditions such as diabetes
about age 20. However, nearsightedness may also develop in adults due to visual stress or health conditions such as diabetes. A common sign of nearsightedness is difficulty seeing distant objects like a movie screen or the TV, or the whiteboard or chalkboard in school. [SEP] However , nearsightedness may also develop in adults
Depending on the amount of myopia, you may only need to wear glasses or contact lenses for certain activities, like watching a movie or driving a car. Or, if you are very nearsighted, they may need to be worn all the time.  [SEP] you are very nearsighted
Depending on the amount of myopia, you may only need to wear glasses or contact lenses for certain activities, like watching a movie or driving a car. Or, if you are very nearsighted, they may need to be worn all the time.  [SEP] they may need to be worn all the time .
Sodium is added to most packaged foods. People often add more sodium to their food by using table salt. Too much sodium causes high blood pressure in some people. [SEP] using table salt
Sodium is added to most packaged foods. People often add more sodium to their food by using table salt. Too much sodium causes high blood pressure in some people. [SEP] People often add more sodium to their food
Acids have certain other properties as well. For example, acids can conduct electricity because they consist of charged particles in solution. Acids also react with metals to produce hydrogen gas. [SEP] they consist of charged particles in solution .
Acids have certain other properties as well. For example, acids can conduct electricity because they consist of charged particles in solution. Acids also react with metals to produce hydrogen gas. [SEP] For example , acids can conduct electricity
As you read above, an acid produces positive hydrogen ions and a base produces negative hydroxide ions. If an acid and base react together, the hydrogen and hydroxide ions combine to form water. This is represented by the equation: [SEP] an acid and base react together
As you read above, an acid produces positive hydrogen ions and a base produces negative hydroxide ions. If an acid and base react together, the hydrogen and hydroxide ions combine to form water. This is represented by the equation: [SEP] the hydrogen and hydroxide ions combine to form water .
Acid rain also lowers the pH of surface waters such as streams and lakes. As a result, the water became too acidic for fish and many other water organisms to survive. Even normal (not acid) rain is slightly acidic. [SEP] Acid rain also lowers the pH of surface waters such as streams and lakes
Acid rain also lowers the pH of surface waters such as streams and lakes. As a result, the water became too acidic for fish and many other water organisms to survive. Even normal (not acid) rain is slightly acidic. [SEP] the water became too acidic for fish and many other water organisms to survive .
Even normal (not acid) rain is slightly acidic. Thats because carbon dioxide in the air dissolves in raindrops, producing a weak acid called carbonic acid. When acidic rainwater soaks into the ground, it can slowly dissolve rocks, particularly those containing calcium carbonate. [SEP] carbon dioxide in the air dissolves in raindrops
Even normal (not acid) rain is slightly acidic. Thats because carbon dioxide in the air dissolves in raindrops, producing a weak acid called carbonic acid. When acidic rainwater soaks into the ground, it can slowly dissolve rocks, particularly those containing calcium carbonate. [SEP] producing a weak acid called carbonic acid .
With a higher concentration of hydrogen ions, a solution is more acidic but has a lower pH. Therefore, acids have a pH less than 7, and the strongest acids have a pH close to zero. Bases have a pH greater than 7, and the strongest bases have a pH close to 14. [SEP] With a higher concentration of hydrogen ions , a solution is more acidic but has a lower pH.
With a higher concentration of hydrogen ions, a solution is more acidic but has a lower pH. Therefore, acids have a pH less than 7, and the strongest acids have a pH close to zero. Bases have a pH greater than 7, and the strongest bases have a pH close to 14. [SEP] acids have a pH less than 7 , and the strongest acids have a pH close to zero .
For example, when hydrogen chloride is added to water, all of it breaks down into H+ and Cl ions. Therefore, it is a strong acid. On the other hand, only about 1 percent of acetic acid breaks down into ions, so it is a weak acid. [SEP] For example , when hydrogen chloride is added to water , all of it breaks down into H + and Cl ions
For example, when hydrogen chloride is added to water, all of it breaks down into H+ and Cl ions. Therefore, it is a strong acid. On the other hand, only about 1 percent of acetic acid breaks down into ions, so it is a weak acid. [SEP] it is a strong acid .
Therefore, it is a strong acid. On the other hand, only about 1 percent of acetic acid breaks down into ions, so it is a weak acid. The strength of a base depends on the concentration of hydroxide ions it produces when dissolved in water. [SEP] On the other hand , only about 1 percent of acetic acid breaks down into ions
Therefore, it is a strong acid. On the other hand, only about 1 percent of acetic acid breaks down into ions, so it is a weak acid. The strength of a base depends on the concentration of hydroxide ions it produces when dissolved in water. [SEP] it is a weak acid .
The strength of a base depends on the concentration of hydroxide ions it produces when dissolved in water. For example, sodium hydroxide completely breaks down into ions in water, so it is a strong base. However, only a fraction of ammonia breaks down into ions, so it is a weak base. [SEP] For example , sodium hydroxide completely breaks down into ions in water
The strength of a base depends on the concentration of hydroxide ions it produces when dissolved in water. For example, sodium hydroxide completely breaks down into ions in water, so it is a strong base. However, only a fraction of ammonia breaks down into ions, so it is a weak base. [SEP] it is a strong base .
For example, sodium hydroxide completely breaks down into ions in water, so it is a strong base. However, only a fraction of ammonia breaks down into ions, so it is a weak base.  [SEP] However , only a fraction of ammonia breaks down into ions
For example, sodium hydroxide completely breaks down into ions in water, so it is a strong base. However, only a fraction of ammonia breaks down into ions, so it is a weak base.  [SEP] it is a weak base .
It is placed on small strips of paper that may be red or blue. If you place a few drops of acid on a strip of blue litmus paper, the paper will turn red. You can see this in Figure 10.6. [SEP] you place a few drops of acid on a strip of blue litmus paper
It is placed on small strips of paper that may be red or blue. If you place a few drops of acid on a strip of blue litmus paper, the paper will turn red. You can see this in Figure 10.6. [SEP] the paper will turn red .
You can see this in Figure 10.6. Litmus isnt the only indicator for detecting acids. Red cabbage juice also works well, as you can see in this entertaining video:  . [SEP] detecting acids
You can see this in Figure 10.6. Litmus isnt the only indicator for detecting acids. Red cabbage juice also works well, as you can see in this entertaining video:  . [SEP] Litmus isnt the only indicator
Litmus isnt the only indicator for detecting acids. Red cabbage juice also works well, as you can see in this entertaining video:  .  [SEP] you can see in this entertaining video : .
Litmus isnt the only indicator for detecting acids. Red cabbage juice also works well, as you can see in this entertaining video:  .  [SEP] Red cabbage juice also works well
You can see an example in Figure 10.8. Red cabbage juice can detect bases as well as acids, as youll see by reviewing this video:   MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] reviewing this video
You can see an example in Figure 10.8. Red cabbage juice can detect bases as well as acids, as youll see by reviewing this video:   MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] Red cabbage juice can detect bases as well as acids , as youll see
Did you ever taste unsweetened cocoa powder? It tastes bitter because it is a base. Bases also feel slippery. [SEP] it is a base .
Did you ever taste unsweetened cocoa powder? It tastes bitter because it is a base. Bases also feel slippery. [SEP] It tastes bitter
Soap is also a base. Like acids, bases conduct electricity because they consist of charged particles in solution.  [SEP] they consist of charged particles in solution .
Soap is also a base. Like acids, bases conduct electricity because they consist of charged particles in solution.  [SEP] Like acids , bases conduct electricity
Then the atoms become different elements. (Be careful not to confuse this radiation with electromagnetic radiation, which has to do with the light given off by atoms as they absorb and then emit energy.)  [SEP] they absorb and then emit energy .
Then the atoms become different elements. (Be careful not to confuse this radiation with electromagnetic radiation, which has to do with the light given off by atoms as they absorb and then emit energy.)  [SEP] -LRB- Be careful not to confuse this radiation with electromagnetic radiation , which has to do with the light given off by atoms
Becquerel was experimenting with uranium, which glows after being exposed to sunlight. Becquerel wanted to see if the glow was caused by rays of energy, like rays of light and X-rays. He placed a bit of uranium on a photographic plate. [SEP] the glow was caused by rays of energy , like rays of light and X-rays .
Becquerel was experimenting with uranium, which glows after being exposed to sunlight. Becquerel wanted to see if the glow was caused by rays of energy, like rays of light and X-rays. He placed a bit of uranium on a photographic plate. [SEP] Becquerel wanted to see
You can see an example of an X-ray in Figure 11.1. As Becquerel predicted, the uranium left an image on the photographic plate. This meant that uranium gives off rays after being exposed to sunlight. [SEP] Becquerel predicted , the uranium left an image on the photographic plate .
You can see an example of an X-ray in Figure 11.1. As Becquerel predicted, the uranium left an image on the photographic plate. This meant that uranium gives off rays after being exposed to sunlight. [SEP] You can see an example of an X-ray in Figure 11.1 .
This meant that uranium gives off rays after being exposed to sunlight. Becquerel was a good scientist, so he wanted to repeat his experiment to confirm his results. He placed more uranium on another photographic plate. [SEP] Becquerel was a good scientist
This meant that uranium gives off rays after being exposed to sunlight. Becquerel was a good scientist, so he wanted to repeat his experiment to confirm his results. He placed more uranium on another photographic plate. [SEP] he wanted to repeat his experiment to confirm his results .
He placed more uranium on another photographic plate. However, the day had turned cloudy, so he tucked the plate and uranium in a drawer to try again another day. He wasnt expecting the uranium to leave an image on the plate without being exposed to sunlight. [SEP] However , the day had turned cloudy
He placed more uranium on another photographic plate. However, the day had turned cloudy, so he tucked the plate and uranium in a drawer to try again another day. He wasnt expecting the uranium to leave an image on the plate without being exposed to sunlight. [SEP] he tucked the plate and uranium in a drawer to try again another day .
 Isotopes are atoms of the same element that differ from each other because they have different numbers of neutrons. Many elements have one or more isotopes that are radioactive. [SEP] they have different numbers of neutrons .
 Isotopes are atoms of the same element that differ from each other because they have different numbers of neutrons. Many elements have one or more isotopes that are radioactive. [SEP] Isotopes are atoms of the same element that differ from each other
These atoms are called carbon-14 (6 protons + 8 neutrons). The nuclei of carbon-14 are unstable because they have too many neutrons. To be stable, a small nucleus like carbon, with just 6 protons, must have a 1:1 ratio of protons to neutrons. [SEP] they have too many neutrons .
These atoms are called carbon-14 (6 protons + 8 neutrons). The nuclei of carbon-14 are unstable because they have too many neutrons. To be stable, a small nucleus like carbon, with just 6 protons, must have a 1:1 ratio of protons to neutrons. [SEP] The nuclei of carbon-14 are unstable
Elements with more than 92 protons have such unstable nuclei that these elements do not even exist in nature. They exist only if they are created in a lab.  [SEP] they are created in a lab .
Elements with more than 92 protons have such unstable nuclei that these elements do not even exist in nature. They exist only if they are created in a lab.  [SEP] They exist only
These are charged particles that arrive on Earth from outer space. Background radiation is generally considered to be safe for living things. A source of radiation that may be more dangerous is radon. [SEP] living things
These are charged particles that arrive on Earth from outer space. Background radiation is generally considered to be safe for living things. A source of radiation that may be more dangerous is radon. [SEP] Background radiation is generally considered to be safe
Exposure to radiation can be very dangerous. Radiation damages living things by knocking electrons out of atoms and changing them to ions. Radiation also breaks bonds in DNA and other biochemical compounds. [SEP] knocking electrons out of atoms
Exposure to radiation can be very dangerous. Radiation damages living things by knocking electrons out of atoms and changing them to ions. Radiation also breaks bonds in DNA and other biochemical compounds. [SEP] and changing them to ions .
For example, radon in buildings can cause lung cancer. Marie Curie died of cancer, most likely because of exposure to radiation in her research. To learn more about the harmful health effects of radiation, go to this URL:  . [SEP] Marie Curie died of cancer , most likely
For example, radon in buildings can cause lung cancer. Marie Curie died of cancer, most likely because of exposure to radiation in her research. To learn more about the harmful health effects of radiation, go to this URL:  . [SEP] . To learn more about the harmful health effects of radiation , go to this URL :
A Geiger counter, like the one in Figure 11.4, has a tube that contains atoms of a gas. If radiation enters the tube, it turns gas atoms to ions that carry electric current. The current causes the Geiger counter to click. [SEP] radiation enters the tube
A Geiger counter, like the one in Figure 11.4, has a tube that contains atoms of a gas. If radiation enters the tube, it turns gas atoms to ions that carry electric current. The current causes the Geiger counter to click. [SEP] it turns gas atoms to ions that carry electric current .
An alpha particle contains two protons and two neutrons, giving it a charge of +2. A helium nucleus has two protons and two neutrons, so an alpha particle is represented in nuclear equations by the symbol 4 He. [SEP] A helium nucleus has two protons and two neutrons
An alpha particle contains two protons and two neutrons, giving it a charge of +2. A helium nucleus has two protons and two neutrons, so an alpha particle is represented in nuclear equations by the symbol 4 He. [SEP] an alpha particle is represented in nuclear equations by the symbol 4
He + Energy If you count the number of protons and neutrons on each side of this equation, youll see that the numbers are the same on both sides of the arrow. This means that the equation is balanced. [SEP] you count the number of protons and neutrons on each side of this equation
He + Energy If you count the number of protons and neutrons on each side of this equation, youll see that the numbers are the same on both sides of the arrow. This means that the equation is balanced. [SEP] youll see that the numbers are the same on both sides of the arrow .
This means that the equation is balanced. The thorium-234 produced in this reaction is unstable, so it will undergo radioactive decay as well. The alpha particle (42 He) produced in the reaction can pick up two electrons to form the element helium. [SEP] The thorium-234 produced in this reaction is unstable
This means that the equation is balanced. The thorium-234 produced in this reaction is unstable, so it will undergo radioactive decay as well. The alpha particle (42 He) produced in the reaction can pick up two electrons to form the element helium. [SEP] it will undergo radioactive decay as well .
The subscript -1 represents the particles charge, and the superscript 0 shows that the particle has virtually no mass. Nuclei contain only protons and neutrons, so how can a nucleus emit an electron? A neutron first breaks down into a proton and an electron (see Figure 11.7). [SEP] Nuclei contain only protons and neutrons
The subscript -1 represents the particles charge, and the superscript 0 shows that the particle has virtually no mass. Nuclei contain only protons and neutrons, so how can a nucleus emit an electron? A neutron first breaks down into a proton and an electron (see Figure 11.7). [SEP] how can a nucleus emit an
Then the electron is emitted from the nucleus, while the proton stays inside the nucleus. The proton increases the atomic number by one, thus changing one element into another. An example of beta decay is the decay of thorium-234 to protactinium-234. [SEP] The proton increases the atomic number by one
Then the electron is emitted from the nucleus, while the proton stays inside the nucleus. The proton increases the atomic number by one, thus changing one element into another. An example of beta decay is the decay of thorium-234 to protactinium-234. [SEP] changing one element into another .
After 14 days, half of the original amount of phosphorus-32 has decayed. After another 14 days, half of the remaining amount (or one-quarter of the original amount) has decayed, and so on. Different radioactive isotopes vary greatly in their rate of decay. [SEP] After another 14 days , half of the remaining amount -LRB- or one-quarter of the original amount -RRB- has decayed
After 14 days, half of the original amount of phosphorus-32 has decayed. After another 14 days, half of the remaining amount (or one-quarter of the original amount) has decayed, and so on. Different radioactive isotopes vary greatly in their rate of decay. [SEP] on . Different radioactive isotopes vary greatly in their rate of decay
Different radioactive isotopes vary greatly in their rate of decay. As you can see from the examples in Table 11.1, the half-life of a radioisotope can be as short as a split second or as long as several billion years. You can simulate radioactive decay of radioisotopes with different half-lives at the URL below. [SEP] you can see from the examples in Table 11.1 , the half-life of a radioisotope can be as short as a split second or as long as several billion years .
Different radioactive isotopes vary greatly in their rate of decay. As you can see from the examples in Table 11.1, the half-life of a radioisotope can be as short as a split second or as long as several billion years. You can simulate radioactive decay of radioisotopes with different half-lives at the URL below. [SEP] Different radioactive isotopes vary greatly in their rate of decay .
After about 50,000 years, too little carbon-14 is left in a fossil to be measured. Therefore, carbon-14 dating can only be used to date fossils that are less than 50,000 years old. Radioisotopes with a longer half-life, such as potassium-40, must be used to date older fossils and rocks. [SEP] After about 50,000 years , too little carbon-14 is left in a fossil to be measured
After about 50,000 years, too little carbon-14 is left in a fossil to be measured. Therefore, carbon-14 dating can only be used to date fossils that are less than 50,000 years old. Radioisotopes with a longer half-life, such as potassium-40, must be used to date older fossils and rocks. [SEP] carbon-14 dating can only be used to date fossils that are less than 50,000 years old .
Carbon-14 forms naturally in Earths atmosphere when cosmic rays strike atoms of nitrogen-14. Living things take in and use carbon-14, just as they do carbon-12. The carbon-14 in living things gradually decays to nitrogen-14. [SEP] they do carbon-12 .
Carbon-14 forms naturally in Earths atmosphere when cosmic rays strike atoms of nitrogen-14. Living things take in and use carbon-14, just as they do carbon-12. The carbon-14 in living things gradually decays to nitrogen-14. [SEP] Living things take in and use carbon-14 , just
The carbon-14 in living things gradually decays to nitrogen-14. However, it is constantly replaced because living things keep taking in carbon-14. As a result, there is a fixed ratio of carbon-14 to carbon-12 in organisms as long as they are alive. [SEP] living things keep taking in carbon-14 .
The carbon-14 in living things gradually decays to nitrogen-14. However, it is constantly replaced because living things keep taking in carbon-14. As a result, there is a fixed ratio of carbon-14 to carbon-12 in organisms as long as they are alive. [SEP] However , it is constantly replaced
However, it is constantly replaced because living things keep taking in carbon-14. As a result, there is a fixed ratio of carbon-14 to carbon-12 in organisms as long as they are alive. This is illustrated in the top part of Figure 11.10. [SEP] , it is constantly replaced because living things keep taking in carbon-14 . As
However, it is constantly replaced because living things keep taking in carbon-14. As a result, there is a fixed ratio of carbon-14 to carbon-12 in organisms as long as they are alive. This is illustrated in the top part of Figure 11.10. [SEP] a fixed ratio of carbon-14 to carbon-12 in organisms as long as they are alive
After organisms die, the carbon-14 they already contain continues to decay, but it is no longer replaced (see bottom part of Figure 11.10). Therefore, the carbon-14 in a dead organism constantly declines at a fixed rate equal to the half-life of carbon-14. Half of the remaining carbon-14 decays every 5,730 years. [SEP] After organisms die , the carbon-14 they already contain continues to decay , but it is no longer replaced -LRB- see bottom part of Figure 11.10 -RRB-
After organisms die, the carbon-14 they already contain continues to decay, but it is no longer replaced (see bottom part of Figure 11.10). Therefore, the carbon-14 in a dead organism constantly declines at a fixed rate equal to the half-life of carbon-14. Half of the remaining carbon-14 decays every 5,730 years. [SEP] the carbon-14 in a dead organism constantly declines at a fixed rate equal to the half-life of carbon-14 .
Half of the remaining carbon-14 decays every 5,730 years. If you measure how much carbon- 14 is left in a fossil, you can determine how many half-lives (and how many years) have passed since the organism died.  [SEP] the organism died .
Half of the remaining carbon-14 decays every 5,730 years. If you measure how much carbon- 14 is left in a fossil, you can determine how many half-lives (and how many years) have passed since the organism died.  [SEP] -RRB- have passed
Like fossil fuels, radioactive elements are limited. In fact, they are relatively rare, so they could run out sooner rather than later. On the other hand, nuclear fission does not release air pollution or cause the other environmental problems associated with burning fossil fuels. [SEP] In fact , they are relatively rare
Like fossil fuels, radioactive elements are limited. In fact, they are relatively rare, so they could run out sooner rather than later. On the other hand, nuclear fission does not release air pollution or cause the other environmental problems associated with burning fossil fuels. [SEP] they could run out sooner rather than later .
It takes thousands of years for it to decay until it no longer releases harmful radiation. Therefore, used fuel must be stored securely to people and other living things. You can learn more about the problem of radioactive waste at this URL: [SEP] It takes thousands of years for it to decay until it no longer releases harmful radiation
It takes thousands of years for it to decay until it no longer releases harmful radiation. Therefore, used fuel must be stored securely to people and other living things. You can learn more about the problem of radioactive waste at this URL: [SEP] used fuel must be stored securely to people and other living things .
 If a nuclear chain reaction is uncontrolled, it produces a lot of energy all at once. This is what happens in an atomic bomb. [SEP] a nuclear chain reaction is uncontrolled
 If a nuclear chain reaction is uncontrolled, it produces a lot of energy all at once. This is what happens in an atomic bomb. [SEP] it produces a lot of energy all at once .
This is what happens in an atomic bomb. If a nuclear chain reaction is controlled, it produces energy more slowly. This is what occurs in a nuclear power plant. [SEP] a nuclear chain reaction is controlled
This is what happens in an atomic bomb. If a nuclear chain reaction is controlled, it produces energy more slowly. This is what occurs in a nuclear power plant. [SEP] it produces energy more slowly .
This is what occurs in a nuclear power plant. The reaction may be controlled by inserting rods of material that do not undergo fission into the core of fissioning material (see Figure 11.14). The radiation from the controlled fission is used to heat water and turn it to steam. [SEP] inserting rods of material that do not undergo fission into the core of fissioning material -LRB- see Figure 11.14 -RRB-
This is what occurs in a nuclear power plant. The reaction may be controlled by inserting rods of material that do not undergo fission into the core of fissioning material (see Figure 11.14). The radiation from the controlled fission is used to heat water and turn it to steam. [SEP] The reaction may be controlled
It stands for the speed of light. The speed of light is 300,000 kilometers (186,000 miles) per second, so c2 is a very big number, no matter what units are used to measure it. Einsteins equation means that the energy in a given amount of matter is equal to its mass times the square of the speed of light. [SEP] The speed of light is 300,000 kilometers -LRB- 186,000 miles -RRB- per second
It stands for the speed of light. The speed of light is 300,000 kilometers (186,000 miles) per second, so c2 is a very big number, no matter what units are used to measure it. Einsteins equation means that the energy in a given amount of matter is equal to its mass times the square of the speed of light. [SEP] c2 is a very big number , no matter what units are used to measure it .
There are no known materials that can contain plasma, although a magnet might be able to do it. Thats because plasma consists of ions and responds to magnetism. You can learn more about research on nuclear fusion at the URL below. [SEP] plasma consists of ions and responds to magnetism .
There are no known materials that can contain plasma, although a magnet might be able to do it. Thats because plasma consists of ions and responds to magnetism. You can learn more about research on nuclear fusion at the URL below. [SEP] are no known materials that can contain plasma , although a magnet might be able to do it . Thats
It also shows how matter and energy are related. In addition, Einsteins equation explains why nuclear fission and nuclear fusion produce so much energy. You can listen to a recording of Einstein explaining his famous equation at this URL: [SEP] In addition , Einsteins equation explains why nuclear fission and nuclear fusion produce
It also shows how matter and energy are related. In addition, Einsteins equation explains why nuclear fission and nuclear fusion produce so much energy. You can listen to a recording of Einstein explaining his famous equation at this URL: [SEP] much energy . You can listen to a recording of Einstein explaining his famous equation at this URL
It takes place only at extremely high temperatures. Thats because a great deal of energy is needed to overcome the force of repulsion between positively charged nuclei. The suns energy comes from fusion in its core, where temperatures reach millions of Kelvin (see Figure 11.16). [SEP] a great deal of energy is needed to overcome the force of repulsion between positively charged nuclei .
It takes place only at extremely high temperatures. Thats because a great deal of energy is needed to overcome the force of repulsion between positively charged nuclei. The suns energy comes from fusion in its core, where temperatures reach millions of Kelvin (see Figure 11.16). [SEP] takes place only at extremely high temperatures . Thats
This can start a nuclear chain reaction (see Figure 11.13). In a chain reaction, one fission reaction leads to others, which lead to others, and so on. A nuclear chain reaction is similar to a pile of wood burning. [SEP] In a chain reaction , one fission reaction leads to others , which lead to others
This can start a nuclear chain reaction (see Figure 11.13). In a chain reaction, one fission reaction leads to others, which lead to others, and so on. A nuclear chain reaction is similar to a pile of wood burning. [SEP] on . A nuclear chain reaction is similar to a pile of wood burning
A nuclear chain reaction is similar to a pile of wood burning. If you start one piece of wood burning, enough heat is produced by the burning wood to start the rest of the pile burning without any further help from you. You can see another example of a chain reaction at this URL: [SEP] you start one piece of wood burning
A nuclear chain reaction is similar to a pile of wood burning. If you start one piece of wood burning, enough heat is produced by the burning wood to start the rest of the pile burning without any further help from you. You can see another example of a chain reaction at this URL: [SEP] enough heat is produced by the burning wood to start the rest of the pile burning without any further help from you .
The distance is 2 kilometers. Measure it yourself to see if you agree.  [SEP] you agree .
The distance is 2 kilometers. Measure it yourself to see if you agree.  [SEP] it yourself to see
 Assume that a school bus, like the one in Figure 12.2, passes by as you stand on the sidewalk. Its obvious to you that the bus is moving. [SEP] you stand on the sidewalk .
 Assume that a school bus, like the one in Figure 12.2, passes by as you stand on the sidewalk. Its obvious to you that the bus is moving. [SEP] a school bus , like the one in Figure 12.2 , passes by
They arent moving relative to each other. If they look only at the other children sitting near them, they will not appear to be moving. They may only be able to tell that the bus is moving by looking out the window and seeing you and the trees whizzing by. [SEP] they look only at the other children sitting near them
They arent moving relative to each other. If they look only at the other children sitting near them, they will not appear to be moving. They may only be able to tell that the bus is moving by looking out the window and seeing you and the trees whizzing by. [SEP] they will not appear to be moving .
If they look only at the other children sitting near them, they will not appear to be moving. They may only be able to tell that the bus is moving by looking out the window and seeing you and the trees whizzing by. This example shows that how we perceive motion depends on our frame of reference. [SEP] looking out the window and seeing you
If they look only at the other children sitting near them, they will not appear to be moving. They may only be able to tell that the bus is moving by looking out the window and seeing you and the trees whizzing by. This example shows that how we perceive motion depends on our frame of reference. [SEP] and the trees whizzing by .
Frame of reference refers to something that is not moving with respect to an observer that can be used to detect motion. For the children on the bus, if they use other children riding the bus as their frame of reference, they do not appear to be moving. But if they use objects outside the bus as their frame of reference, they can tell they are moving. [SEP] their frame of reference , they do not appear to be moving .
Frame of reference refers to something that is not moving with respect to an observer that can be used to detect motion. For the children on the bus, if they use other children riding the bus as their frame of reference, they do not appear to be moving. But if they use objects outside the bus as their frame of reference, they can tell they are moving. [SEP] they use other children riding the bus
For the children on the bus, if they use other children riding the bus as their frame of reference, they do not appear to be moving. But if they use objects outside the bus as their frame of reference, they can tell they are moving. What is your frame of reference if you are standing on the sidewalk and see the bus go by? [SEP] their frame of reference , they can tell they are moving .
For the children on the bus, if they use other children riding the bus as their frame of reference, they do not appear to be moving. But if they use objects outside the bus as their frame of reference, they can tell they are moving. What is your frame of reference if you are standing on the sidewalk and see the bus go by? [SEP] they use objects outside the bus
Things dont always move in straight lines like the route from Mias house to the school. Sometimes they change direction as they move. For example, the route from Mias house to the post office changes from west to north at the school (see Figure 12.4). [SEP] they move .
Things dont always move in straight lines like the route from Mias house to the school. Sometimes they change direction as they move. For example, the route from Mias house to the post office changes from west to north at the school (see Figure 12.4). [SEP] they change direction
From the school to the post office, the distance is 1 kilometer. Therefore, the total distance from Mias house to the post office is 3 kilometers. You Try It! [SEP] From the school to the post office , the distance is 1 kilometer
From the school to the post office, the distance is 1 kilometer. Therefore, the total distance from Mias house to the post office is 3 kilometers. You Try It! [SEP] the total distance from Mias house to the post office is 3 kilometers .
Direction is just as important as distance in describing motion. For example, if Mia told a friend how to reach the post office from her house, she couldnt just say, "go 3 kilometers. " The friend might end up at the park instead of the post office. [SEP] Mia told a friend how to reach the post office from her house
Direction is just as important as distance in describing motion. For example, if Mia told a friend how to reach the post office from her house, she couldnt just say, "go 3 kilometers. " The friend might end up at the park instead of the post office. [SEP] she couldnt just say , `` go 3 kilometers .
For example, you might travel 65 miles per hour on a highway but only 20 miles per hour on a city street (see Figure 12.7). You might come to a complete stop at traffic lights, slow down as you turn corners, and speed up to pass other cars. The speed of a moving car or other object at a given instant is called its instantaneous speed. [SEP] you turn corners , and speed up to pass other cars .
For example, you might travel 65 miles per hour on a highway but only 20 miles per hour on a city street (see Figure 12.7). You might come to a complete stop at traffic lights, slow down as you turn corners, and speed up to pass other cars. The speed of a moving car or other object at a given instant is called its instantaneous speed. [SEP] You might come to a complete stop at traffic lights , slow down
The speed of a moving car or other object at a given instant is called its instantaneous speed. It may vary from moment to moment, so it is hard to calculate. Its easier to calculate the average speed of a moving object than the instantaneous speed. [SEP] It may vary from moment to moment
The speed of a moving car or other object at a given instant is called its instantaneous speed. It may vary from moment to moment, so it is hard to calculate. Its easier to calculate the average speed of a moving object than the instantaneous speed. [SEP] it is hard to calculate .
Your instantaneous speed would vary throughout the trip. If the trip took a total of 1.5 hours, your average speed for the trip would be: average speed = 75 mi = 50 mi/h [SEP] the trip took a total of 1.5 hours
Your instantaneous speed would vary throughout the trip. If the trip took a total of 1.5 hours, your average speed for the trip would be: average speed = 75 mi = 50 mi/h [SEP] your average speed for the trip would be : average speed = 75 mi =
In the U.S., this is usually expressed in miles per hour (see Figure 12.6). If your family makes a car trip that covers 120 miles and takes 3 hours, then the cars speed is: speed = 120 mi = 40 mi/h 3h [SEP] your family makes a car trip that covers 120 miles and takes 3 hours
In the U.S., this is usually expressed in miles per hour (see Figure 12.6). If your family makes a car trip that covers 120 miles and takes 3 hours, then the cars speed is: speed = 120 mi = 40 mi/h 3h [SEP] then the cars speed is : speed = 120 mi =
They represent objects moving at the same speed but in different directions. Vector C is shorter than vector A or B but points in the same direction as vector A. It represents an object moving at a slower speed than A or B but in the same direction as A. [SEP] vector A. It represents an object moving at a slower speed than A or B but in the
They represent objects moving at the same speed but in different directions. Vector C is shorter than vector A or B but points in the same direction as vector A. It represents an object moving at a slower speed than A or B but in the same direction as A. [SEP] Vector C is shorter than vector A or B but points in the same direction
Vector C is shorter than vector A or B but points in the same direction as vector A. It represents an object moving at a slower speed than A or B but in the same direction as A. If youre still not sure of the difference between speed and velocity, watch the cartoon at this URL:  (2:10). [SEP] A. If youre still not sure of the difference between speed and velocity , watch the cartoon at this URL : -LRB- 2:10
Vector C is shorter than vector A or B but points in the same direction as vector A. It represents an object moving at a slower speed than A or B but in the same direction as A. If youre still not sure of the difference between speed and velocity, watch the cartoon at this URL:  (2:10). [SEP] It represents an object moving at a slower speed than A or B but in the same direction
URL:   In general, if two objects are moving at the same speed and in the same direction, they have the same velocity. If two objects are moving at the same speed but in different directions (like A and B in Figure 12.9), they have different velocities. [SEP] two objects are moving at the same speed and in the same direction
URL:   In general, if two objects are moving at the same speed and in the same direction, they have the same velocity. If two objects are moving at the same speed but in different directions (like A and B in Figure 12.9), they have different velocities. [SEP] they have the same velocity .
In general, if two objects are moving at the same speed and in the same direction, they have the same velocity. If two objects are moving at the same speed but in different directions (like A and B in Figure 12.9), they have different velocities. If two objects are moving in the same direction but at a different speed (like A and C in Figure 12.9), they have different velocities. [SEP] two objects are moving at the same speed but in different directions -LRB- like A and B in Figure 12.9 -RRB-
In general, if two objects are moving at the same speed and in the same direction, they have the same velocity. If two objects are moving at the same speed but in different directions (like A and B in Figure 12.9), they have different velocities. If two objects are moving in the same direction but at a different speed (like A and C in Figure 12.9), they have different velocities. [SEP] they have different velocities .
If two objects are moving at the same speed but in different directions (like A and B in Figure 12.9), they have different velocities. If two objects are moving in the same direction but at a different speed (like A and C in Figure 12.9), they have different velocities. A moving object that changes direction also has a different velocity, even if its speed does not change. [SEP] two objects are moving in the same direction but at a different speed -LRB- like A and C in Figure 12.9 -RRB-
If two objects are moving at the same speed but in different directions (like A and B in Figure 12.9), they have different velocities. If two objects are moving in the same direction but at a different speed (like A and C in Figure 12.9), they have different velocities. A moving object that changes direction also has a different velocity, even if its speed does not change. [SEP] they have different velocities .
If two objects are moving in the same direction but at a different speed (like A and C in Figure 12.9), they have different velocities. A moving object that changes direction also has a different velocity, even if its speed does not change.  [SEP] its speed does not change .
If two objects are moving in the same direction but at a different speed (like A and C in Figure 12.9), they have different velocities. A moving object that changes direction also has a different velocity, even if its speed does not change.  [SEP] A moving object that changes direction also has a different velocity , even
 If you know the speed of a moving object, you can also calculate the distance it will travel in a given amount of time. To do so, you would use this version of the general speed formula: distance = speed  time [SEP] you know the speed of a moving object
 If you know the speed of a moving object, you can also calculate the distance it will travel in a given amount of time. To do so, you would use this version of the general speed formula: distance = speed  time [SEP] you can also calculate the distance it will travel in a given amount of time .
If you know the speed of a moving object, you can also calculate the distance it will travel in a given amount of time. To do so, you would use this version of the general speed formula: distance = speed  time For example, if a car travels at a speed of 60 km/h for 2 hours, then the distance traveled is: distance = 60 km [SEP] To do
If you know the speed of a moving object, you can also calculate the distance it will travel in a given amount of time. To do so, you would use this version of the general speed formula: distance = speed  time For example, if a car travels at a speed of 60 km/h for 2 hours, then the distance traveled is: distance = 60 km [SEP] you would use this version of the general speed formula : distance = speed time
To do so, you would use this version of the general speed formula: distance = speed  time For example, if a car travels at a speed of 60 km/h for 2 hours, then the distance traveled is: distance = 60 km /h   [SEP] a car travels at a speed of 60 km/h for 2 hours
To do so, you would use this version of the general speed formula: distance = speed  time For example, if a car travels at a speed of 60 km/h for 2 hours, then the distance traveled is: distance = 60 km /h   [SEP] then the distance traveled is :
In a distance-time graph, the speed of the object is represented by the slope, or steepness, of the graph line. If the line is straight, like the line between A and B in Figure 12.8, then the speed is constant. The average speed can be calculated from the graph. [SEP] the line is straight
In a distance-time graph, the speed of the object is represented by the slope, or steepness, of the graph line. If the line is straight, like the line between A and B in Figure 12.8, then the speed is constant. The average speed can be calculated from the graph. [SEP] like the line between A and B in Figure 12.8 , then the speed is constant .
7:30 h 1h If the graph line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, then the slope and the speed are zero: speed = Dd 20 km 20 km [SEP] it is between B and C , then the slope and the speed are zero : speed
7:30 h 1h If the graph line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, then the slope and the speed are zero: speed = Dd 20 km 20 km [SEP] the graph line is horizontal
In a velocity-time graph, acceleration is represented by the slope of the graph line. If the line slopes upward, like the line between A and B in Figure 12.13, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, velocity is not changing, so acceleration is zero. [SEP] If the line slopes upward , like the line between A and B in Figure 12.13 , velocity is increasing
In a velocity-time graph, acceleration is represented by the slope of the graph line. If the line slopes upward, like the line between A and B in Figure 12.13, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, velocity is not changing, so acceleration is zero. [SEP] acceleration is positive .
In a velocity-time graph, acceleration is represented by the slope of the graph line. If the line slopes upward, like the line between A and B in Figure 12.13, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, velocity is not changing, so acceleration is zero. [SEP] the line slopes upward
In a velocity-time graph, acceleration is represented by the slope of the graph line. If the line slopes upward, like the line between A and B in Figure 12.13, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, velocity is not changing, so acceleration is zero. [SEP] like the line between A and B in Figure 12.13 , velocity is increasing
If the line slopes upward, like the line between A and B in Figure 12.13, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, velocity is not changing, so acceleration is zero. If the line slopes downward, like the line between C and D, velocity is decreasing, so acceleration is negative. [SEP] If the line is horizontal , as it is between B and C , velocity is not changing
If the line slopes upward, like the line between A and B in Figure 12.13, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, velocity is not changing, so acceleration is zero. If the line slopes downward, like the line between C and D, velocity is decreasing, so acceleration is negative. [SEP] acceleration is zero .
If the line slopes upward, like the line between A and B in Figure 12.13, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, velocity is not changing, so acceleration is zero. If the line slopes downward, like the line between C and D, velocity is decreasing, so acceleration is negative. [SEP] it is between B and C , velocity is not changing
If the line slopes upward, like the line between A and B in Figure 12.13, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, velocity is not changing, so acceleration is zero. If the line slopes downward, like the line between C and D, velocity is decreasing, so acceleration is negative. [SEP] the line is horizontal
If the line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, velocity is not changing, so acceleration is zero. If the line slopes downward, like the line between C and D, velocity is decreasing, so acceleration is negative. You can review the concept of acceleration as well as other chapter concepts by watching the musical video at this URL: [SEP] If the line slopes downward , like the line between C and D , velocity is decreasing
If the line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, velocity is not changing, so acceleration is zero. If the line slopes downward, like the line between C and D, velocity is decreasing, so acceleration is negative. You can review the concept of acceleration as well as other chapter concepts by watching the musical video at this URL: [SEP] acceleration is negative .
If the line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, velocity is not changing, so acceleration is zero. If the line slopes downward, like the line between C and D, velocity is decreasing, so acceleration is negative. You can review the concept of acceleration as well as other chapter concepts by watching the musical video at this URL: [SEP] the line slopes downward
If the line is horizontal, as it is between B and C, velocity is not changing, so acceleration is zero. If the line slopes downward, like the line between C and D, velocity is decreasing, so acceleration is negative. You can review the concept of acceleration as well as other chapter concepts by watching the musical video at this URL: [SEP] like the line between C and D , velocity is decreasing
If the line slopes downward, like the line between C and D, velocity is decreasing, so acceleration is negative. You can review the concept of acceleration as well as other chapter concepts by watching the musical video at this URL:  [SEP] watching the musical video at this URL
If the line slopes downward, like the line between C and D, velocity is decreasing, so acceleration is negative. You can review the concept of acceleration as well as other chapter concepts by watching the musical video at this URL:  [SEP] You can review the concept of acceleration as well as other chapter concepts
 Calculating acceleration is complicated if both speed and direction are changing. Its easier to calculate acceleration when only speed is changing. [SEP] both speed and direction are changing .
 Calculating acceleration is complicated if both speed and direction are changing. Its easier to calculate acceleration when only speed is changing. [SEP] Calculating acceleration is complicated
Dt Consider this example. The cyclist in Figure 12.12 speeds up as he goes downhill on this straight trail. His velocity changes from 1 meter per second at the top of the hill to 6 meters per second at the bottom. [SEP] he goes downhill on this straight trail .
Dt Consider this example. The cyclist in Figure 12.12 speeds up as he goes downhill on this straight trail. His velocity changes from 1 meter per second at the top of the hill to 6 meters per second at the bottom. [SEP] The cyclist in Figure 12.12 speeds up
His velocity changes from 1 meter per second at the top of the hill to 6 meters per second at the bottom. If it takes 5 seconds for him to reach the bottom, what is his acceleration, on average, as he flies down the hill? Acceleration = [SEP] he flies down the hill ?
His velocity changes from 1 meter per second at the top of the hill to 6 meters per second at the bottom. If it takes 5 seconds for him to reach the bottom, what is his acceleration, on average, as he flies down the hill? Acceleration = [SEP] it takes 5 seconds for him to reach the bottom , what is his acceleration , on average
You Try It! Problem: Tranh slowed his skateboard as he approached the street. He went from 8 m/s to 2 m/s in a period of 3 seconds. [SEP] he approached the street .
You Try It! Problem: Tranh slowed his skateboard as he approached the street. He went from 8 m/s to 2 m/s in a period of 3 seconds. [SEP] Tranh slowed his skateboard
Acceleration may reflect a change in speed, a change in direction, or both. Because acceleration includes both a size (speed) and direction, it is a vector. People commonly think of acceleration as an increase in speed, but a decrease in speed is also acceleration. [SEP] acceleration includes both a size -LRB- speed -RRB- and direction
Acceleration may reflect a change in speed, a change in direction, or both. Because acceleration includes both a size (speed) and direction, it is a vector. People commonly think of acceleration as an increase in speed, but a decrease in speed is also acceleration. [SEP] it is a vector .
Because acceleration includes both a size (speed) and direction, it is a vector. People commonly think of acceleration as an increase in speed, but a decrease in speed is also acceleration. In this case, acceleration is negative. [SEP] an increase in speed , but a decrease in speed is also
Because acceleration includes both a size (speed) and direction, it is a vector. People commonly think of acceleration as an increase in speed, but a decrease in speed is also acceleration. In this case, acceleration is negative. [SEP] People commonly think of acceleration
You can see several examples of acceleration in Figure 12.11. If you are accelerating, you may be able to feel the change in velocity. This is true whether you change your speed or your direction. [SEP] you are accelerating
You can see several examples of acceleration in Figure 12.11. If you are accelerating, you may be able to feel the change in velocity. This is true whether you change your speed or your direction. [SEP] you may be able to feel the change in velocity .
Think about what it feels like to ride in a car. As the car speeds up, you feel as though you are being pressed against the seat. The opposite occurs when the car slows down, especially if the change in speed is [SEP] the car speeds up , you feel as though you are being pressed against the seat .
Think about what it feels like to ride in a car. As the car speeds up, you feel as though you are being pressed against the seat. The opposite occurs when the car slows down, especially if the change in speed is [SEP] it feels like to ride in a car .
As the car speeds up, you feel as though you are being pressed against the seat. The opposite occurs when the car slows down, especially if the change in speed is  [SEP] the change in speed is
As the car speeds up, you feel as though you are being pressed against the seat. The opposite occurs when the car slows down, especially if the change in speed is  [SEP] The opposite occurs when the car slows down , especially
In other words, one force is subtracted from the other to calculate the net force. If the opposing forces are equal in strength, the net force is zero. Thats what happens with the book on the table. [SEP] the opposing forces are equal in strength
In other words, one force is subtracted from the other to calculate the net force. If the opposing forces are equal in strength, the net force is zero. Thats what happens with the book on the table. [SEP] the net force is zero .
N). Because the forces on the book are balanced, the book remains on the table and doesnt move. In addition to these downward and upward forces, which generally cancel each other out, forces may push or pull an object in other directions. [SEP] the forces on the book are balanced
N). Because the forces on the book are balanced, the book remains on the table and doesnt move. In addition to these downward and upward forces, which generally cancel each other out, forces may push or pull an object in other directions. [SEP] the book remains on the table and doesnt move .
The other dog is pulling on the rope with a force of 12 newtons to the right. These opposing forces are not equal in strength, so they are unbalanced. When opposing forces are unbalanced, the net force is greater than zero. [SEP] These opposing forces are not equal in strength
The other dog is pulling on the rope with a force of 12 newtons to the right. These opposing forces are not equal in strength, so they are unbalanced. When opposing forces are unbalanced, the net force is greater than zero. [SEP] they are unbalanced .
When opposing forces are unbalanced, the net force is greater than zero. The net force on the rope is 2 newtons to the right, so the rope will move to the right.  [SEP] The net force on the rope is 2 newtons to the right
When opposing forces are unbalanced, the net force is greater than zero. The net force on the rope is 2 newtons to the right, so the rope will move to the right.  [SEP] the rope will move to the right .
This always results in a stronger force than either of the individual forces alone. In this case, the net force on the couch is 45 newtons to the right, so the couch will move to the right. You Try It! [SEP] , the net force on the couch is 45 newtons to the right
This always results in a stronger force than either of the individual forces alone. In this case, the net force on the couch is 45 newtons to the right, so the couch will move to the right. You Try It! [SEP] the couch will move to the right .
 Force is a vector because it has both size and direction. For example, the girl in Figure 13.1 is pushing the swing away from herself. [SEP] it has both size and direction .
 Force is a vector because it has both size and direction. For example, the girl in Figure 13.1 is pushing the swing away from herself. [SEP] Force is a vector
One newton is the amount of force that causes a mass of 1 kilogram to accelerate at 1 m/s2 . Thus, the newton can also be expressed as kgm/s2 . The newton was named for the scientist Sir Isaac Newton, who is famous for his law of gravity. [SEP] One newton is the amount of force that causes a mass of 1 kilogram to accelerate at 1 m/s2
One newton is the amount of force that causes a mass of 1 kilogram to accelerate at 1 m/s2 . Thus, the newton can also be expressed as kgm/s2 . The newton was named for the scientist Sir Isaac Newton, who is famous for his law of gravity. [SEP] , the newton can also be expressed as kgm/s2 .
Friction can work for or against us. For example, putting sand on an icy sidewalk increases friction so you are less likely to slip. On the other hand, too much friction between moving parts in a car engine can cause the parts to wear out. [SEP] For example , putting sand on an icy sidewalk increases friction
Friction can work for or against us. For example, putting sand on an icy sidewalk increases friction so you are less likely to slip. On the other hand, too much friction between moving parts in a car engine can cause the parts to wear out. [SEP] you are less likely to slip .
 Friction occurs because no surface is perfectly smooth. Even surfaces that look smooth to the unaided eye appear rough or bumpy when viewed under a microscope. [SEP] no surface is perfectly smooth .
 Friction occurs because no surface is perfectly smooth. Even surfaces that look smooth to the unaided eye appear rough or bumpy when viewed under a microscope. [SEP] Friction occurs
Look at the metal surfaces in Figure 13.8. The metal foil is so smooth that it is shiny. However, when highly magnified, the surface of metal appears to be very bumpy. [SEP] The metal foil is so smooth
Look at the metal surfaces in Figure 13.8. The metal foil is so smooth that it is shiny. However, when highly magnified, the surface of metal appears to be very bumpy. [SEP] it is shiny .
The rougher surface of shoes causes more friction and slows you down. Heavier objects also have more friction because they press together with greater force. Did you ever try to push boxes or furniture across the floor? [SEP] they press together with greater force .
The rougher surface of shoes causes more friction and slows you down. Heavier objects also have more friction because they press together with greater force. Did you ever try to push boxes or furniture across the floor? [SEP] Heavier objects also have more friction
Static friction acts on objects when they are resting on a surface. For example, if you are walking on a sidewalk, there is static friction between your shoes and the concrete each time you put down your foot (see Figure 13.12). Without this static friction, your feet would slip out from under you, making it difficult to walk. [SEP] you are walking on a sidewalk
Static friction acts on objects when they are resting on a surface. For example, if you are walking on a sidewalk, there is static friction between your shoes and the concrete each time you put down your foot (see Figure 13.12). Without this static friction, your feet would slip out from under you, making it difficult to walk. [SEP] there is static friction between your shoes and the concrete each time you put down your foot -LRB- see Figure 13.12 -RRB- .
But do you know why the rubbing produces heat? Friction causes the molecules on rubbing surfaces to move faster, so they have more heat energy. Heat from friction can be useful. [SEP] Friction causes the molecules on rubbing surfaces to move faster
But do you know why the rubbing produces heat? Friction causes the molecules on rubbing surfaces to move faster, so they have more heat energy. Heat from friction can be useful. [SEP] they have more heat energy .
To reduce friction, oil is added to the engine. Oil coats the surfaces of moving parts and makes them slippery so there is less friction.  [SEP] Oil coats the surfaces of moving parts and makes them slippery
To reduce friction, oil is added to the engine. Oil coats the surfaces of moving parts and makes them slippery so there is less friction.  [SEP] there is less friction .
Rolling friction is much weaker than sliding friction or static friction. This explains why it is much easier to move boxes on a wheeled dolly than by carrying or sliding them. It also explains why most forms of ground transportation use wheels, including cars, 4-wheelers, bicycles, roller skates, and skateboards. [SEP] carrying or sliding them
Rolling friction is much weaker than sliding friction or static friction. This explains why it is much easier to move boxes on a wheeled dolly than by carrying or sliding them. It also explains why most forms of ground transportation use wheels, including cars, 4-wheelers, bicycles, roller skates, and skateboards. [SEP] This explains why it is much easier to move boxes on a wheeled dolly than
Fluids include liquids and gases. If youve ever tried to push your open hand through the water in a tub or pool, then youve experienced fluid friction between your hand and the water. When a skydiver is falling toward Earth with a parachute, fluid friction between the parachute and the air slows the descent (see Figure 13.14). [SEP] youve ever tried to push your open hand through the water in a tub or pool
Fluids include liquids and gases. If youve ever tried to push your open hand through the water in a tub or pool, then youve experienced fluid friction between your hand and the water. When a skydiver is falling toward Earth with a parachute, fluid friction between the parachute and the air slows the descent (see Figure 13.14). [SEP] youve experienced fluid friction between your hand and the water .
The moon has enough forward velocity to partly counter the force of Earths gravity. It constantly falls toward Earth, but it stays far enough away from Earth so that it actually falls around the planet. As a result, the moon keeps orbiting Earth and never crashes into it. [SEP] It constantly falls toward Earth , but it stays far enough away from Earth
The moon has enough forward velocity to partly counter the force of Earths gravity. It constantly falls toward Earth, but it stays far enough away from Earth so that it actually falls around the planet. As a result, the moon keeps orbiting Earth and never crashes into it. [SEP] it actually falls around the planet .
It constantly falls toward Earth, but it stays far enough away from Earth so that it actually falls around the planet. As a result, the moon keeps orbiting Earth and never crashes into it. The diagram in Figure 13.23 shows how this happens. [SEP] It constantly falls toward Earth , but it stays far enough away from Earth so that it actually falls around the planet
It constantly falls toward Earth, but it stays far enough away from Earth so that it actually falls around the planet. As a result, the moon keeps orbiting Earth and never crashes into it. The diagram in Figure 13.23 shows how this happens. [SEP] the moon keeps orbiting Earth and never crashes into it .
Gravity has traditionally been defined as a force of attraction between two masses. According to this conception of gravity, anything that has mass, no matter how small, exerts gravity on other matter. The effect of gravity is that objects exert a pull on other objects. [SEP] this conception of gravity
Gravity has traditionally been defined as a force of attraction between two masses. According to this conception of gravity, anything that has mass, no matter how small, exerts gravity on other matter. The effect of gravity is that objects exert a pull on other objects. [SEP] anything that has mass , no matter how small , exerts gravity on other matter .
Weight measures the force of gravity pulling on an object. Because weight measures force, the SI unit for weight is the newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 newtons because of the pull of Earths gravity On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. [SEP] weight measures force
Weight measures the force of gravity pulling on an object. Because weight measures force, the SI unit for weight is the newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 newtons because of the pull of Earths gravity On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. [SEP] the SI unit for weight is the newton -LRB- N -RRB- .
Because weight measures force, the SI unit for weight is the newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 newtons because of the pull of Earths gravity On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. Weight is measured with a scale, like the spring scale in Figure 13.16. [SEP] On Earth , a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 newtons
Because weight measures force, the SI unit for weight is the newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 newtons because of the pull of Earths gravity On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. Weight is measured with a scale, like the spring scale in Figure 13.16. [SEP] , the same mass would weigh less .
It constantly pulls you toward the center of the planet. It prevents you and everything else on Earth from being flung out into space as the planet spins on its axis. It also pulls objects above the surface, from meteors to skydivers, down to the ground. [SEP] the planet spins on its axis .
It constantly pulls you toward the center of the planet. It prevents you and everything else on Earth from being flung out into space as the planet spins on its axis. It also pulls objects above the surface, from meteors to skydivers, down to the ground. [SEP] It prevents you and everything else on Earth from being flung out into space
When gravity pulls objects toward the ground, it causes them to accelerate. Acceleration due to gravity equals 9.8 m/s2 . In other words, the velocity at which an object falls toward Earth increases each second by 9.8 m/s. [SEP] gravity
When gravity pulls objects toward the ground, it causes them to accelerate. Acceleration due to gravity equals 9.8 m/s2 . In other words, the velocity at which an object falls toward Earth increases each second by 9.8 m/s. [SEP] equals 9.8 m/s2 .
In other words, the velocity at which an object falls toward Earth increases each second by 9.8 m/s. Therefore, after 1 second, an object is falling at a velocity of 9.8 m/s. After 2 seconds, it is falling at a velocity of 19.6 m/s (9.8 m/s  2), and so on. [SEP] In other words , the velocity at which an object falls toward Earth increases each second by 9.8 m/s
In other words, the velocity at which an object falls toward Earth increases each second by 9.8 m/s. Therefore, after 1 second, an object is falling at a velocity of 9.8 m/s. After 2 seconds, it is falling at a velocity of 19.6 m/s (9.8 m/s  2), and so on. [SEP] after 1 second , an object is falling at a velocity of 9.8 m/s .
Therefore, after 1 second, an object is falling at a velocity of 9.8 m/s. After 2 seconds, it is falling at a velocity of 19.6 m/s (9.8 m/s  2), and so on. This is illustrated in Figure 13.20. [SEP] After 2 seconds , it is falling at a velocity of 19.6 m/s -LRB- 9.8 m/s 2 -RRB-
Therefore, after 1 second, an object is falling at a velocity of 9.8 m/s. After 2 seconds, it is falling at a velocity of 19.6 m/s (9.8 m/s  2), and so on. This is illustrated in Figure 13.20. [SEP] on . This is illustrated in Figure 13.20
This is illustrated in Figure 13.20. You can compare the acceleration due to gravity on Earth, the moon, and Mars with the interactive animation called "Freefall" at this URL: http://jersey.uoregon.edu/vlab/ . [SEP] gravity on Earth , the moon
This is illustrated in Figure 13.20. You can compare the acceleration due to gravity on Earth, the moon, and Mars with the interactive animation called "Freefall" at this URL: http://jersey.uoregon.edu/vlab/ . [SEP] and Mars with the interactive animation called `` Freefall '' at this URL :
The reason? The more massive object is harder to move because of its greater mass. As a result, it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the less massive object. [SEP] The more massive object is harder to move
The reason? The more massive object is harder to move because of its greater mass. As a result, it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the less massive object. [SEP] . As a result , it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the less massive object
The more massive object is harder to move because of its greater mass. As a result, it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the less massive object. Consider a bowling ball and a basketball. [SEP] The more massive object is harder to move because of its greater mass
The more massive object is harder to move because of its greater mass. As a result, it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the less massive object. Consider a bowling ball and a basketball. [SEP] it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the less massive object .
The bowling ball has greater mass than the basketball. However, if you were to drop both balls at the same time from the same distance above the ground, they would reach the ground together. This is true of all falling objects, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. [SEP] you were to drop both balls at the same time from the same distance above the ground
The bowling ball has greater mass than the basketball. However, if you were to drop both balls at the same time from the same distance above the ground, they would reach the ground together. This is true of all falling objects, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. [SEP] they would reach the ground together .
This is true of all falling objects, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn because of the leafs greater surface area. However, if the leaf and acorn were to fall in the absence of air (that is, in a vacuum), they would reach the ground at the same time. [SEP] For example , a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn
This is true of all falling objects, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn because of the leafs greater surface area. However, if the leaf and acorn were to fall in the absence of air (that is, in a vacuum), they would reach the ground at the same time. [SEP] . However , if the leaf and acorn were to fall in the absence of air -LRB- that is , in a vacuum -RRB- , they would reach the ground at the same time
For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn because of the leafs greater surface area. However, if the leaf and acorn were to fall in the absence of air (that is, in a vacuum), they would reach the ground at the same time.  [SEP] the leaf and acorn were to fall in the absence of air -LRB- that is
For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn because of the leafs greater surface area. However, if the leaf and acorn were to fall in the absence of air (that is, in a vacuum), they would reach the ground at the same time.  [SEP] in a vacuum -RRB- , they would reach the ground at the same time .
Objects with greater mass have a stronger force of gravity. For example, because Earth is so massive, it attracts you and your desk more strongly than you and your desk attract each other. Thats why you and the desk remain in place on the floor rather than moving toward one another. [SEP] For example , because Earth is
Objects with greater mass have a stronger force of gravity. For example, because Earth is so massive, it attracts you and your desk more strongly than you and your desk attract each other. Thats why you and the desk remain in place on the floor rather than moving toward one another. [SEP] massive , it attracts you and your desk more strongly than you and your desk attract each other .
Objects that are closer together have a stronger force of gravity. For example, the moon is closer to Earth than it is to the more massive sun, so the force of gravity is greater between the moon and Earth than between the moon and the sun. Thats why the moon circles around Earth rather than the sun. [SEP] , the moon is closer to Earth than it is to the more massive sun
Objects that are closer together have a stronger force of gravity. For example, the moon is closer to Earth than it is to the more massive sun, so the force of gravity is greater between the moon and Earth than between the moon and the sun. Thats why the moon circles around Earth rather than the sun. [SEP] the force of gravity is greater between the moon and Earth than between the moon and the sun .
Thats why the moon circles around Earth rather than the sun. This is illustrated in Figure You can apply these relationships among mass, distance, and gravity by designing your own roller coaster at this URL:  .  [SEP] designing your own roller coaster at this URL
Thats why the moon circles around Earth rather than the sun. This is illustrated in Figure You can apply these relationships among mass, distance, and gravity by designing your own roller coaster at this URL:  .  [SEP] : .
Einstein showed mathematically that gravity is not really a force in the sense that Newton thought. Instead, gravity is a result of the warping, or curving, of space and time. Imagine a bowling ball pressing down on a trampoline. [SEP] the warping , or curving , of space and time
Einstein showed mathematically that gravity is not really a force in the sense that Newton thought. Instead, gravity is a result of the warping, or curving, of space and time. Imagine a bowling ball pressing down on a trampoline. [SEP] gravity
This idea is represented in Figure 13.19. According to Einstein, objects curve toward one another because of the curves in space and time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction as Newton thought. You can see an animation of Einsteins theory of gravity at this URL: http://einstein. [SEP] According to Einstein , objects curve toward one another
This idea is represented in Figure 13.19. According to Einstein, objects curve toward one another because of the curves in space and time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction as Newton thought. You can see an animation of Einsteins theory of gravity at this URL: http://einstein. [SEP] , not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction as Newton thought .
This idea is represented in Figure 13.19. According to Einstein, objects curve toward one another because of the curves in space and time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction as Newton thought. You can see an animation of Einsteins theory of gravity at this URL: http://einstein. [SEP] Einstein
This idea is represented in Figure 13.19. According to Einstein, objects curve toward one another because of the curves in space and time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction as Newton thought. You can see an animation of Einsteins theory of gravity at this URL: http://einstein. [SEP] objects curve toward one another
This idea is represented in Figure 13.19. According to Einstein, objects curve toward one another because of the curves in space and time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction as Newton thought. You can see an animation of Einsteins theory of gravity at this URL: http://einstein. [SEP] Newton thought .
This idea is represented in Figure 13.19. According to Einstein, objects curve toward one another because of the curves in space and time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction as Newton thought. You can see an animation of Einsteins theory of gravity at this URL: http://einstein. [SEP] they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction
To hit the bulls eye of a target with an arrow, you actually have to aim for a spot above the bulls eye. Thats because by the time the arrow reaches the target, it has started to curve downward toward the ground. Figure 13.22 shows what happens if you aim at the bulls eye instead of above it. [SEP] by the time the arrow reaches the target
To hit the bulls eye of a target with an arrow, you actually have to aim for a spot above the bulls eye. Thats because by the time the arrow reaches the target, it has started to curve downward toward the ground. Figure 13.22 shows what happens if you aim at the bulls eye instead of above it. [SEP] it has started to curve downward toward the ground .
This property is called elasticity. As you stretch or compress an elastic material, it resists the change in shape. It exerts a counter force in the opposite direction. [SEP] you stretch or compress an elastic material , it resists the change in shape .
This property is called elasticity. As you stretch or compress an elastic material, it resists the change in shape. It exerts a counter force in the opposite direction. [SEP] This property is called elasticity .
And like stretchy materials, they return to their original shape when the stretching or compressing force is released. Because of these properties, springs are used in scales to measure weight. They also cushion the ride in a car and provide springy support beneath a mattress. [SEP] And like stretchy materials , they return to their original shape when the stretching or compressing force is released
And like stretchy materials, they return to their original shape when the stretching or compressing force is released. Because of these properties, springs are used in scales to measure weight. They also cushion the ride in a car and provide springy support beneath a mattress. [SEP] properties , springs are used in scales to measure weight .
However, when the ball is kicked, the force on it is suddenly unbalanced. The ball starts moving across the field because its inertia has been overcome.  [SEP] its inertia has been overcome .
However, when the ball is kicked, the force on it is suddenly unbalanced. The ball starts moving across the field because its inertia has been overcome.  [SEP] The ball starts moving across the field
Think how hard it would be to push a big box full of books, like the one in Figure 14.3. Then think how easy it would be to push the box if it was empty. The full box is harder to move because it has greater mass and therefore greater inertia. [SEP] it was empty .
Think how hard it would be to push a big box full of books, like the one in Figure 14.3. Then think how easy it would be to push the box if it was empty. The full box is harder to move because it has greater mass and therefore greater inertia. [SEP] it would be to push the box
Then think how easy it would be to push the box if it was empty. The full box is harder to move because it has greater mass and therefore greater inertia.  [SEP] it has greater mass and therefore greater inertia .
Then think how easy it would be to push the box if it was empty. The full box is harder to move because it has greater mass and therefore greater inertia.  [SEP] The full box is harder to move
Newtons first law of motion states that an objects motion will not change unless an unbalanced force acts on the object. If the object is at rest, it will stay at rest. If the object is in motion, it will stay in motion and its velocity will remain the same. [SEP] the object is at rest
Newtons first law of motion states that an objects motion will not change unless an unbalanced force acts on the object. If the object is at rest, it will stay at rest. If the object is in motion, it will stay in motion and its velocity will remain the same. [SEP] it will stay at rest .
If the object is at rest, it will stay at rest. If the object is in motion, it will stay in motion and its velocity will remain the same. In other words, neither the direction nor the speed of the object will change as long as the net force acting on it is zero. [SEP] the object is in motion
If the object is at rest, it will stay at rest. If the object is in motion, it will stay in motion and its velocity will remain the same. In other words, neither the direction nor the speed of the object will change as long as the net force acting on it is zero. [SEP] it will stay in motion and its velocity will
When a pool player pushes the pool stick against the white ball, the white ball is set into motion. Once the white ball is rolling, it rolls all the way across the table and stops moving only after it crashes into the cluster of colored balls. Then, the force of the collision starts the colored balls moving. [SEP] the white ball is rolling
When a pool player pushes the pool stick against the white ball, the white ball is set into motion. Once the white ball is rolling, it rolls all the way across the table and stops moving only after it crashes into the cluster of colored balls. Then, the force of the collision starts the colored balls moving. [SEP] it rolls all the way across the table and stops moving only after it crashes into the cluster of colored balls .
Inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its motion. If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. If the object is already moving, inertia will keep it moving. [SEP] an object is already at rest
Inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its motion. If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. If the object is already moving, inertia will keep it moving. [SEP] inertia will keep it at rest .
If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. If the object is already moving, inertia will keep it moving. Think about what happens when you are riding in a car that stops suddenly. [SEP] the object is already moving
If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. If the object is already moving, inertia will keep it moving. Think about what happens when you are riding in a car that stops suddenly. [SEP] inertia will keep it moving .
Why? The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward because of inertia. Thats why its important to always wear a seat belt. [SEP] The brakes stop the car but not your body
Why? The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward because of inertia. Thats why its important to always wear a seat belt. [SEP] your body keeps moving forward because of inertia .
Why? The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward because of inertia. Thats why its important to always wear a seat belt. [SEP] inertia
Why? The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward because of inertia. Thats why its important to always wear a seat belt. [SEP] your body keeps moving forward
The car keeps changing direction, but the riders keep moving in the same direction as before. They slide to the opposite side of the car as a result. You can see an animation of inertia at this URL: [SEP] They slide to the opposite side of the car
The car keeps changing direction, but the riders keep moving in the same direction as before. They slide to the opposite side of the car as a result. You can see an animation of inertia at this URL: [SEP] . You can see an animation of inertia at this URL
10 kg kg Recall that one newton (1 N) is the force needed to cause a 1-kilogram mass to accelerate at 1 m/s2 . Therefore, force can also be expressed in the unit kgm/s2 . This way of expressing force can be substituted for newtons in the solution to the problem: [SEP] 10 kg kg Recall that one newton -LRB- 1 N -RRB- is the force needed to cause a 1-kilogram mass to accelerate at 1 m/s2
10 kg kg Recall that one newton (1 N) is the force needed to cause a 1-kilogram mass to accelerate at 1 m/s2 . Therefore, force can also be expressed in the unit kgm/s2 . This way of expressing force can be substituted for newtons in the solution to the problem: [SEP] force can also be expressed in the unit kgm/s2 .
The kilogram units in the numerator and denominator of the fraction cancel out. As a result, the answer is expressed in the correct units for acceleration: m/s2 . You Try It! [SEP] The kilogram units in the numerator and denominator of the fraction cancel out
The kilogram units in the numerator and denominator of the fraction cancel out. As a result, the answer is expressed in the correct units for acceleration: m/s2 . You Try It! [SEP] the answer is expressed in the correct units for acceleration : m/s2 .
This equation can also be written as: F = ma The acceleration due to gravity of an object equals 9.8 m/s2 , so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as: F = m  9.8 m/s2 As this equation shows, weight is directly related to mass. [SEP] The acceleration due to gravity of an object equals 9.8 m/s2
This equation can also be written as: F = ma The acceleration due to gravity of an object equals 9.8 m/s2 , so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as: F = m  9.8 m/s2 As this equation shows, weight is directly related to mass. [SEP] if you know the mass of an object , you can calculate its weight as : F = m 9.8 m/s2
This equation can also be written as: F = ma The acceleration due to gravity of an object equals 9.8 m/s2 , so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as: F = m  9.8 m/s2 As this equation shows, weight is directly related to mass. [SEP] gravity of an object
This equation can also be written as: F = ma The acceleration due to gravity of an object equals 9.8 m/s2 , so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as: F = m  9.8 m/s2 As this equation shows, weight is directly related to mass. [SEP] equals 9.8 m/s2
This equation can also be written as: F = ma The acceleration due to gravity of an object equals 9.8 m/s2 , so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as: F = m  9.8 m/s2 As this equation shows, weight is directly related to mass. [SEP] you know the mass of an object
This equation can also be written as: F = ma The acceleration due to gravity of an object equals 9.8 m/s2 , so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as: F = m  9.8 m/s2 As this equation shows, weight is directly related to mass. [SEP] you can calculate its weight as : F = m
The acceleration due to gravity of an object equals 9.8 m/s2 , so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as: F = m  9.8 m/s2 As this equation shows, weight is directly related to mass. As an objects mass increases, so does its weight. [SEP] this equation shows , weight is directly related to mass .
The acceleration due to gravity of an object equals 9.8 m/s2 , so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as: F = m  9.8 m/s2 As this equation shows, weight is directly related to mass. As an objects mass increases, so does its weight. [SEP] F = m 9.8 m/s2
As this equation shows, weight is directly related to mass. As an objects mass increases, so does its weight. For example, if mass doubles, weight doubles as well. [SEP] As an objects mass increases
As this equation shows, weight is directly related to mass. As an objects mass increases, so does its weight. For example, if mass doubles, weight doubles as well. [SEP] does its weight .
The harder he hits the ball, the greater will be its acceleration. It will travel faster and farther if he hits it with more force. What if the batter hits a baseball and a softball with the same amount of force? [SEP] he hits it with more force .
The harder he hits the ball, the greater will be its acceleration. It will travel faster and farther if he hits it with more force. What if the batter hits a baseball and a softball with the same amount of force? [SEP] It will travel faster and farther
What if the batter hits a baseball and a softball with the same amount of force? The softball will accelerate less than the baseball because the softball has greater mass. As a result, it wont travel as fast or as far as the baseball. [SEP] the softball has greater mass .
What if the batter hits a baseball and a softball with the same amount of force? The softball will accelerate less than the baseball because the softball has greater mass. As a result, it wont travel as fast or as far as the baseball. [SEP] The softball will accelerate less than the baseball
The softball will accelerate less than the baseball because the softball has greater mass. As a result, it wont travel as fast or as far as the baseball.  [SEP] The softball will accelerate less than the baseball because the softball has greater mass
The softball will accelerate less than the baseball because the softball has greater mass. As a result, it wont travel as fast or as far as the baseball.  [SEP] it wont travel as fast or as far as the baseball .
 Momentum can be calculated by multiplying an objects mass in kilograms (kg) by its velocity in meters per second (m/s). For example, assume that a golf ball has a mass of 0.05 kg. [SEP] multiplying an objects mass in kilograms -LRB- kg -RRB- by its velocity in meters per second -LRB- m/s -RRB-
 Momentum can be calculated by multiplying an objects mass in kilograms (kg) by its velocity in meters per second (m/s). For example, assume that a golf ball has a mass of 0.05 kg. [SEP] Momentum can be calculated
For example, assume that a golf ball has a mass of 0.05 kg. If the ball is traveling at a velocity of 50 m/s, its momentum is: Momentum = 0.05 kg   [SEP] the ball is traveling at a velocity of 50 m/s
For example, assume that a golf ball has a mass of 0.05 kg. If the ball is traveling at a velocity of 50 m/s, its momentum is: Momentum = 0.05 kg   [SEP] its momentum is : Momentum
You might think that actions and reactions would cancel each other out like balanced forces do. Balanced forces, which are also equal and opposite, cancel each other out because they act on the same object. Action and reaction forces, in contrast, act on different objects, so they dont cancel each other out and, in fact, often result in motion. [SEP] they act on the same object .
You might think that actions and reactions would cancel each other out like balanced forces do. Balanced forces, which are also equal and opposite, cancel each other out because they act on the same object. Action and reaction forces, in contrast, act on different objects, so they dont cancel each other out and, in fact, often result in motion. [SEP] Balanced forces , which are also equal and opposite , cancel each other out
Balanced forces, which are also equal and opposite, cancel each other out because they act on the same object. Action and reaction forces, in contrast, act on different objects, so they dont cancel each other out and, in fact, often result in motion. For example, in Figure 14.9, the kangaroos action acts on the ground, but the grounds reaction acts on the kangaroo. [SEP] Action and reaction forces , in contrast , act on different objects
Balanced forces, which are also equal and opposite, cancel each other out because they act on the same object. Action and reaction forces, in contrast, act on different objects, so they dont cancel each other out and, in fact, often result in motion. For example, in Figure 14.9, the kangaroos action acts on the ground, but the grounds reaction acts on the kangaroo. [SEP] they dont cancel each other out and , in fact , often result in motion .
For example, in Figure 14.9, the kangaroos action acts on the ground, but the grounds reaction acts on the kangaroo. As a result, the kangaroo jumps away from the ground. One of the action-reaction examples in the Figure 14.9 does not result in motion. [SEP] , in Figure 14.9 , the kangaroos action acts on the ground , but the grounds reaction acts on the kangaroo
For example, in Figure 14.9, the kangaroos action acts on the ground, but the grounds reaction acts on the kangaroo. As a result, the kangaroo jumps away from the ground. One of the action-reaction examples in the Figure 14.9 does not result in motion. [SEP] the kangaroo jumps away from the ground .
A bowling ball would be too heavy to catch without risk of injury assuming you could even throw it. Thats because a bowling ball has a lot of mass. This gives it a great deal of momentum. [SEP] a bowling ball has a lot of mass .
A bowling ball would be too heavy to catch without risk of injury assuming you could even throw it. Thats because a bowling ball has a lot of mass. This gives it a great deal of momentum. [SEP] bowling ball would be too heavy to catch without risk of injury assuming you could even throw it . Thats
This equation shows that momentum is directly related to both mass and velocity. An object has greater momentum if it has greater mass, greater velocity, or both. For example, a bowling ball has greater momentum than a softball when both are moving at the same velocity because the bowling ball has greater mass. [SEP] it has greater mass , greater velocity , or both .
This equation shows that momentum is directly related to both mass and velocity. An object has greater momentum if it has greater mass, greater velocity, or both. For example, a bowling ball has greater momentum than a softball when both are moving at the same velocity because the bowling ball has greater mass. [SEP] An object has greater momentum
An object has greater momentum if it has greater mass, greater velocity, or both. For example, a bowling ball has greater momentum than a softball when both are moving at the same velocity because the bowling ball has greater mass. However, a softball moving at a very high velocity say, 100 miles an hour would have greater momentum than a slow-rolling bowling ball. [SEP] the bowling ball has greater mass .
An object has greater momentum if it has greater mass, greater velocity, or both. For example, a bowling ball has greater momentum than a softball when both are moving at the same velocity because the bowling ball has greater mass. However, a softball moving at a very high velocity say, 100 miles an hour would have greater momentum than a slow-rolling bowling ball. [SEP] For example , a bowling ball has greater momentum than a softball when both are moving at the same velocity
However, a softball moving at a very high velocity say, 100 miles an hour would have greater momentum than a slow-rolling bowling ball. If an object isnt moving at all, it has no momentum. Thats because its velocity is zero, and zero times anything is zero. [SEP] an object isnt moving at all
However, a softball moving at a very high velocity say, 100 miles an hour would have greater momentum than a slow-rolling bowling ball. If an object isnt moving at all, it has no momentum. Thats because its velocity is zero, and zero times anything is zero. [SEP] it has no momentum .
If an object isnt moving at all, it has no momentum. Thats because its velocity is zero, and zero times anything is zero.  [SEP] its velocity is zero
If an object isnt moving at all, it has no momentum. Thats because its velocity is zero, and zero times anything is zero.  [SEP] and zero times anything is zero .
Recall from the earlier lesson "Pressure of Fluids" that a fluid exerts pressure in all directions but the pressure is greater at greater depth. Therefore, the fluid below an object exerts greater force on the object than the fluid above the object. This is illustrated in Figure 15.12. [SEP] Recall from the earlier lesson `` Pressure of Fluids '' that a fluid exerts pressure in all directions but the pressure is greater at greater depth
Recall from the earlier lesson "Pressure of Fluids" that a fluid exerts pressure in all directions but the pressure is greater at greater depth. Therefore, the fluid below an object exerts greater force on the object than the fluid above the object. This is illustrated in Figure 15.12. [SEP] the fluid below an object exerts greater force on the object than the fluid above the object .
This is illustrated in Figure 15.13. If an objects weight is the same as the buoyant force acting on the object, then the object floats. This is the example on the left in Figure 15.13. [SEP] an objects weight is the same as the buoyant force acting on the object
This is illustrated in Figure 15.13. If an objects weight is the same as the buoyant force acting on the object, then the object floats. This is the example on the left in Figure 15.13. [SEP] then the object floats .
This is the example on the left in Figure 15.13. If an objects weight is greater than the buoyant force acting on the object, then the object sinks. This is the example on the right in Figure 15.13. [SEP] an objects weight is greater than the buoyant force acting on the object
This is the example on the left in Figure 15.13. If an objects weight is greater than the buoyant force acting on the object, then the object sinks. This is the example on the right in Figure 15.13. [SEP] then the object sinks .
This is the example on the right in Figure 15.13. Because of buoyant force, objects seem lighter in water. You may have noticed this when you went swimming and could easily pick up a friend or sibling under the water. [SEP] This is the example on the right in Figure 15.13
This is the example on the right in Figure 15.13. Because of buoyant force, objects seem lighter in water. You may have noticed this when you went swimming and could easily pick up a friend or sibling under the water. [SEP] , objects seem lighter in water .
Density, or the amount of mass in a given volume, is also related to buoyancy. Thats because density affects weight. A given volume of a denser substance is heavier than the same volume of a less dense substance. [SEP] density affects weight .
Density, or the amount of mass in a given volume, is also related to buoyancy. Thats because density affects weight. A given volume of a denser substance is heavier than the same volume of a less dense substance. [SEP] , or the amount of mass in a given volume , is also related to buoyancy . Thats
He observed that both a body and the water in a tub cant occupy the same space at the same time. As a result, some of the water is displaced, or moved out of the way. How much water is displaced? [SEP] He observed that both a body and the water in a tub cant occupy the same space at the same time
He observed that both a body and the water in a tub cant occupy the same space at the same time. As a result, some of the water is displaced, or moved out of the way. How much water is displaced? [SEP] some of the water is displaced , or moved out of the way .
Archimedes determined that the volume of displaced water equals the volume of the submerged object. So more water is displaced by a bigger body than a smaller one. What does displacement have to do with buoyant force? [SEP] Archimedes determined that the volume of displaced water equals the volume of the submerged object
Archimedes determined that the volume of displaced water equals the volume of the submerged object. So more water is displaced by a bigger body than a smaller one. What does displacement have to do with buoyant force? [SEP] more water is displaced by a bigger body than a smaller one .
It is extremely heavy, yet it stays afloat. If a steel ball with the same weight as the ship were put into water, it would sink to the bottom (see Figure 15.15). Thats because the volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball. [SEP] a steel ball with the same weight as the ship were put into water
It is extremely heavy, yet it stays afloat. If a steel ball with the same weight as the ship were put into water, it would sink to the bottom (see Figure 15.15). Thats because the volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball. [SEP] it would sink to the bottom -LRB- see Figure 15.15 -RRB- .
If a steel ball with the same weight as the ship were put into water, it would sink to the bottom (see Figure 15.15). Thats because the volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball. As a result, the buoyant force is not as great as the force of gravity acting on the ball. [SEP] the volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball .
If a steel ball with the same weight as the ship were put into water, it would sink to the bottom (see Figure 15.15). Thats because the volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball. As a result, the buoyant force is not as great as the force of gravity acting on the ball. [SEP] a steel ball with the same weight as the ship were put into water , it would sink to the bottom -LRB- see Figure 15.15 -RRB- . Thats
Thats because the volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball. As a result, the buoyant force is not as great as the force of gravity acting on the ball. The design of the ships hull, on the other hand, causes it to displace much more water than the ball. [SEP] Thats because the volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball
Thats because the volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball. As a result, the buoyant force is not as great as the force of gravity acting on the ball. The design of the ships hull, on the other hand, causes it to displace much more water than the ball. [SEP] the buoyant force is not as great as the force of gravity acting on the ball .
The design of the ships hull, on the other hand, causes it to displace much more water than the ball. In fact, the weight of the displaced water is greater than the weight of the ship, so the buoyant force is greater than the force of gravity acting on the ship. As a result, the ship floats. [SEP] In fact , the weight of the displaced water is greater than the weight of the ship
The design of the ships hull, on the other hand, causes it to displace much more water than the ball. In fact, the weight of the displaced water is greater than the weight of the ship, so the buoyant force is greater than the force of gravity acting on the ship. As a result, the ship floats. [SEP] the buoyant force is greater than the force of gravity acting on the ship .
In fact, the weight of the displaced water is greater than the weight of the ship, so the buoyant force is greater than the force of gravity acting on the ship. As a result, the ship floats. You can check your understanding of Archimedes law by doing the brainteaser at this URL:  . [SEP] In fact , the weight of the displaced water is greater than the weight of the ship , so the buoyant force is greater than the force of gravity acting on the ship
In fact, the weight of the displaced water is greater than the weight of the ship, so the buoyant force is greater than the force of gravity acting on the ship. As a result, the ship floats. You can check your understanding of Archimedes law by doing the brainteaser at this URL:  . [SEP] the ship floats .
As a result, the ship floats. You can check your understanding of Archimedes law by doing the brainteaser at this URL:  . For an entertaining video presentation of Archimedes law, go to this URL: http://videos.howstuffworks.com/disc [SEP] doing the brainteaser at this URL
As a result, the ship floats. You can check your understanding of Archimedes law by doing the brainteaser at this URL:  . For an entertaining video presentation of Archimedes law, go to this URL: http://videos.howstuffworks.com/disc [SEP] : .
The horsepower was introduced by James Watt, who invented the first powerful steam engine in the 1770s. Watts steam engine led to a revolution in industry and agriculture because of its power. Watt wanted to impress people with the power of his steam engine, so he compared it with something familiar to people of his time: the power of workhorses, like those pictured in Figure 16.6. [SEP] Watts steam engine led to a revolution in industry and agriculture
The horsepower was introduced by James Watt, who invented the first powerful steam engine in the 1770s. Watts steam engine led to a revolution in industry and agriculture because of its power. Watt wanted to impress people with the power of his steam engine, so he compared it with something familiar to people of his time: the power of workhorses, like those pictured in Figure 16.6. [SEP] . Watt wanted to impress people with the power of his steam engine , so he compared it with something familiar to people of his time : the power of workhorses , like those pictured in Figure
Watts steam engine led to a revolution in industry and agriculture because of its power. Watt wanted to impress people with the power of his steam engine, so he compared it with something familiar to people of his time: the power of workhorses, like those pictured in Figure 16.6. Watt said his steam engine could produce the power of 20 horses, or 20 horsepower. [SEP] Watt wanted to impress people with the power of his steam engine
Watts steam engine led to a revolution in industry and agriculture because of its power. Watt wanted to impress people with the power of his steam engine, so he compared it with something familiar to people of his time: the power of workhorses, like those pictured in Figure 16.6. Watt said his steam engine could produce the power of 20 horses, or 20 horsepower. [SEP] he compared it with something familiar to people of his time : the power of workhorses , like those pictured in Figure 16.6 .
 Power can be calculated using the formula above, if the amount of work and time are known. For example, assume that a small engine does 3000 joules of work in 2 seconds. [SEP] the amount of work and time are known .
 Power can be calculated using the formula above, if the amount of work and time are known. For example, assume that a small engine does 3000 joules of work in 2 seconds. [SEP] Power can be calculated using the formula above ,
1500 J/s, or 1500 W 2s You can also calculate work if you know power and time by rewriting the power equation above as: Work = Power   Time [SEP] you know power and time by rewriting the power equation above as : Work = Power
1500 J/s, or 1500 W 2s You can also calculate work if you know power and time by rewriting the power equation above as: Work = Power   Time [SEP] You can also calculate work
1500 J/s, or 1500 W 2s You can also calculate work if you know power and time by rewriting the power equation above as: Work = Power   Time [SEP] rewriting the power equation above as
1500 J/s, or 1500 W 2s You can also calculate work if you know power and time by rewriting the power equation above as: Work = Power   Time [SEP] : Work = Power
Power can be represented by the equation: Power = Work Time In this equation, work is measured in joules and time is measured in seconds, so power is expressed in joules per second (J/s). This is the SI unit for work, also known as the watt (W). [SEP] , work is measured in joules and time is measured in seconds
Power can be represented by the equation: Power = Work Time In this equation, work is measured in joules and time is measured in seconds, so power is expressed in joules per second (J/s). This is the SI unit for work, also known as the watt (W). [SEP] power is expressed in joules per second -LRB- J/s -RRB- .
You may already be familiar with watts. Thats because light bulbs and small appliances such as hair dryers are labeled with the watts of power they provide. For example, the hair dryer in Figure 16.5 is labeled "2000 watts. [SEP] light bulbs and small appliances such as hair dryers are labeled with the watts of power they provide .
You may already be familiar with watts. Thats because light bulbs and small appliances such as hair dryers are labeled with the watts of power they provide. For example, the hair dryer in Figure 16.5 is labeled "2000 watts. [SEP] may already be familiar with watts . Thats
" This amount of power could also be expressed kilowatts. A kilowatt equals 1000 watts, so the 2000-watt hair dryer produces 2 kilowatts of power. Compared with a less powerful device, a more powerful device can either do more work in the same time or do the same work in less time. [SEP] A kilowatt equals 1000 watts
" This amount of power could also be expressed kilowatts. A kilowatt equals 1000 watts, so the 2000-watt hair dryer produces 2 kilowatts of power. Compared with a less powerful device, a more powerful device can either do more work in the same time or do the same work in less time. [SEP] the 2000-watt hair dryer produces 2 kilowatts of power .
It can take a long time to do all that work. But if you use an electric leaf blower, like the man in the figure, the job gets done much sooner. Both the leaf blower and the rake do the work of removing leaves from the yard, but the leaf blower has more power. [SEP] you use an electric leaf blower
It can take a long time to do all that work. But if you use an electric leaf blower, like the man in the figure, the job gets done much sooner. Both the leaf blower and the rake do the work of removing leaves from the yard, but the leaf blower has more power. [SEP] like the man in the figure , the job gets done much sooner .
 The equation for work given above can be used to calculate the amount of work that is done if force and distance are known. For example, assume that one of the weight lifters in Figure 16.2 lifts a weight of 400 newtons over his head to a height of 2.2 meters off the ground. [SEP] force and distance are known .
 The equation for work given above can be used to calculate the amount of work that is done if force and distance are known. For example, assume that one of the weight lifters in Figure 16.2 lifts a weight of 400 newtons over his head to a height of 2.2 meters off the ground. [SEP] The equation for work given above can be used to calculate the amount of work that is done
In physics, work means the use of force to move an object. The teen who is playing tennis in Figure 16.1 is using force to move her tennis racket, so she is doing work. The teen who is studying isnt moving anything, so she is not doing work. [SEP] The teen who is playing tennis in Figure 16.1 is using force to move her tennis racket
In physics, work means the use of force to move an object. The teen who is playing tennis in Figure 16.1 is using force to move her tennis racket, so she is doing work. The teen who is studying isnt moving anything, so she is not doing work. [SEP] she is doing work .
The teen who is playing tennis in Figure 16.1 is using force to move her tennis racket, so she is doing work. The teen who is studying isnt moving anything, so she is not doing work. Not all force that is used to move an object does work. [SEP] The teen who is studying isnt moving anything
The teen who is playing tennis in Figure 16.1 is using force to move her tennis racket, so she is doing work. The teen who is studying isnt moving anything, so she is not doing work. Not all force that is used to move an object does work. [SEP] she is not doing work .
For work to be done, the force must be applied in the same direction that the object moves. If a force is applied in a different direction than the object moves, no work is done. Figure 16.2 illustrates this point. [SEP] a force is applied in a different direction than the object moves
For work to be done, the force must be applied in the same direction that the object moves. If a force is applied in a different direction than the object moves, no work is done. Figure 16.2 illustrates this point. [SEP] no work is done .
The stick person applies an upward force on the box when raising it from the ground to chest height. Work is done because the force is applied in the same direction as the box is moving. However, as the stick person walks from left to right while holding the box at chest height, no more work is done by the persons arms holding the box up. [SEP] the force is applied in the same direction as the box is moving .
The stick person applies an upward force on the box when raising it from the ground to chest height. Work is done because the force is applied in the same direction as the box is moving. However, as the stick person walks from left to right while holding the box at chest height, no more work is done by the persons arms holding the box up. [SEP] Work is done
The stick person applies an upward force on the box when raising it from the ground to chest height. Work is done because the force is applied in the same direction as the box is moving. However, as the stick person walks from left to right while holding the box at chest height, no more work is done by the persons arms holding the box up. [SEP] the box is moving .
The stick person applies an upward force on the box when raising it from the ground to chest height. Work is done because the force is applied in the same direction as the box is moving. However, as the stick person walks from left to right while holding the box at chest height, no more work is done by the persons arms holding the box up. [SEP] the force is applied in the same direction
However, as the stick person walks from left to right while holding the box at chest height, no more work is done by the persons arms holding the box up. Thats because the force supporting the box acts in a different direction than the box is moving. A small amount of work in the horizontal direction is performed when the person is accelerating during the first step of the walk across the room. [SEP] the force supporting the box acts in a different direction than the box is moving .
However, as the stick person walks from left to right while holding the box at chest height, no more work is done by the persons arms holding the box up. Thats because the force supporting the box acts in a different direction than the box is moving. A small amount of work in the horizontal direction is performed when the person is accelerating during the first step of the walk across the room. [SEP] , as the stick person walks from left to right while holding the box at chest height , no more work is done by the persons arms holding the box up . Thats
A small amount of work in the horizontal direction is performed when the person is accelerating during the first step of the walk across the room. But other than that, there is no work, because there is no net force acting on the box horizontally.  [SEP] there is no net force acting on the box horizontally .
A small amount of work in the horizontal direction is performed when the person is accelerating during the first step of the walk across the room. But other than that, there is no work, because there is no net force acting on the box horizontally.  [SEP] But other than that , there is no work
The two weight lifters on the left are lifting the same amount of weight, but the bottom weight lifter is lifting the weight a longer distance. Therefore, this weight lifter is doing more work. The two weight lifters on the bottom right are both lifting the weight the same distance, but the weight lifter on the left is lifting a heavier weight. [SEP] The two weight lifters on the left are lifting the same amount of weight , but the bottom weight lifter is lifting the weight a longer distance
The two weight lifters on the left are lifting the same amount of weight, but the bottom weight lifter is lifting the weight a longer distance. Therefore, this weight lifter is doing more work. The two weight lifters on the bottom right are both lifting the weight the same distance, but the weight lifter on the left is lifting a heavier weight. [SEP] this weight lifter is doing more work .
The two weight lifters on the bottom right are both lifting the weight the same distance, but the weight lifter on the left is lifting a heavier weight. Therefore, this weight lifter is doing more work.  [SEP] The two weight lifters on the bottom right are both lifting the weight the same distance , but the weight lifter on the left is lifting a heavier weight
The two weight lifters on the bottom right are both lifting the weight the same distance, but the weight lifter on the left is lifting a heavier weight. Therefore, this weight lifter is doing more work.  [SEP] this weight lifter is doing more work .
 A machine is any device that makes work easier by changing a force. When you use a machine, you apply force to the machine. [SEP] changing a force
 A machine is any device that makes work easier by changing a force. When you use a machine, you apply force to the machine. [SEP] A machine is any device that makes work easier
The output distance may or may not be the same as the input distance. Machines make work easier by increasing the amount of force that is applied, increasing the distance over which the force is applied, or changing the direction in which the force is applied. Contrary to popular belief, machines do not increase the amount of work that is done. [SEP] increasing the amount of force that is applied , increasing the distance over which the force is applied , or changing the direction in which the force is applied
The output distance may or may not be the same as the input distance. Machines make work easier by increasing the amount of force that is applied, increasing the distance over which the force is applied, or changing the direction in which the force is applied. Contrary to popular belief, machines do not increase the amount of work that is done. [SEP] Machines make work easier
They just change how the work is done. So if a machine increases the force applied, it must apply the force over a shorter distance. Similarly, if a machine increases the distance over which the force is applied, it must apply less force. [SEP] They just change how the work is done
They just change how the work is done. So if a machine increases the force applied, it must apply the force over a shorter distance. Similarly, if a machine increases the distance over which the force is applied, it must apply less force. [SEP] if a machine increases the force applied , it must apply the force over a shorter distance .
So if a machine increases the force applied, it must apply the force over a shorter distance. Similarly, if a machine increases the distance over which the force is applied, it must apply less force.  [SEP] a machine increases the distance over which the force is applied
So if a machine increases the force applied, it must apply the force over a shorter distance. Similarly, if a machine increases the distance over which the force is applied, it must apply less force.  [SEP] it must apply less force .
It would be more efficient to use a dolly on wheels to roll the furniture up the ramp. Thats because rolling friction is much less than sliding friction. As a result, the efficiency of the ramp would be greater with a dolly. [SEP] rolling friction is much less than sliding friction .
It would be more efficient to use a dolly on wheels to roll the furniture up the ramp. Thats because rolling friction is much less than sliding friction. As a result, the efficiency of the ramp would be greater with a dolly. [SEP] would be more efficient to use a dolly on wheels to roll the furniture up the ramp . Thats
Thats because rolling friction is much less than sliding friction. As a result, the efficiency of the ramp would be greater with a dolly.  [SEP] Thats because rolling friction is much less than sliding friction
Thats because rolling friction is much less than sliding friction. As a result, the efficiency of the ramp would be greater with a dolly.  [SEP] the efficiency of the ramp would be greater with a dolly .
This equation computes the actual mechanical advantage of a machine. It takes into account the reduction in output force that is due to friction. It shows how much a machine actually multiplies force when it used in the real world. [SEP] friction
This equation computes the actual mechanical advantage of a machine. It takes into account the reduction in output force that is due to friction. It shows how much a machine actually multiplies force when it used in the real world. [SEP] It takes into account the reduction in output force
The ideal mechanical advantage represents the multiplication of input force that would be achieved in the absence of friction. Therefore, it is greater than the actual mechanical advantage because all machines use up some work in overcoming friction. Ideal mechanical advantage is calculated with the equation: [SEP] The ideal mechanical advantage represents the multiplication of input force that would be achieved in the absence of friction
The ideal mechanical advantage represents the multiplication of input force that would be achieved in the absence of friction. Therefore, it is greater than the actual mechanical advantage because all machines use up some work in overcoming friction. Ideal mechanical advantage is calculated with the equation: [SEP] it is greater than the actual mechanical advantage because all machines use up some work in overcoming friction .
The output distance is the height of the ramp, or the vertical distance the object is raised. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of the ramp is: Ideal Mechanical Advantage = 6 m =3 2m [SEP] The output distance is the height of the ramp , or the vertical distance the object is raised
The output distance is the height of the ramp, or the vertical distance the object is raised. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of the ramp is: Ideal Mechanical Advantage = 6 m =3 2m [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage of the ramp is : Ideal Mechanical Advantage = 6
For machines that increase force including ramps, doorknobs, and nutcrackers the output force is greater than the input force. Therefore, the mechanical advantage is greater than 1. For machines that increase the distance over which force is applied, such as paddles and hammers, the output force is less than the input force. [SEP] For machines that increase force including ramps , doorknobs , and nutcrackers the output force is greater than the input force
For machines that increase force including ramps, doorknobs, and nutcrackers the output force is greater than the input force. Therefore, the mechanical advantage is greater than 1. For machines that increase the distance over which force is applied, such as paddles and hammers, the output force is less than the input force. [SEP] the mechanical advantage is greater than 1 .
For machines that increase the distance over which force is applied, such as paddles and hammers, the output force is less than the input force. Therefore, the mechanical advantage is less than 1. For machines that change only the direction of the force, such as the rope systems on flagpoles, the output force is the same as the input force. [SEP] For machines that increase the distance over which force is applied , such as paddles and hammers , the output force is less than the input force
For machines that increase the distance over which force is applied, such as paddles and hammers, the output force is less than the input force. Therefore, the mechanical advantage is less than 1. For machines that change only the direction of the force, such as the rope systems on flagpoles, the output force is the same as the input force. [SEP] the mechanical advantage is less than 1 .
For machines that change only the direction of the force, such as the rope systems on flagpoles, the output force is the same as the input force. Therefore, the mechanical advantage is equal to 1.  [SEP] For machines that change only the direction of the force , such as the rope systems on flagpoles , the output force is the same as the input force
For machines that change only the direction of the force, such as the rope systems on flagpoles, the output force is the same as the input force. Therefore, the mechanical advantage is equal to 1.  [SEP] the mechanical advantage is equal to 1 .
In fact, machines always do less work on the object than the user does on the machine. Thats because all machines must use some of the work put into them to overcome friction. How much work? [SEP] all machines must use some of the work put into them to overcome friction .
In fact, machines always do less work on the object than the user does on the machine. Thats because all machines must use some of the work put into them to overcome friction. How much work? [SEP] fact , machines always do less work on the object than the user does on the machine . Thats
 All three classes of levers make work easier, but they do so in different ways. When the input and output forces are on opposite sides of the fulcrum, the lever changes the direction of the applied force. [SEP] All three classes of levers make work easier , but they do
 All three classes of levers make work easier, but they do so in different ways. When the input and output forces are on opposite sides of the fulcrum, the lever changes the direction of the applied force. [SEP] in different ways . When the input and output forces are on opposite sides of the fulcrum , the lever changes the direction of the applied force
This occurs with both second- and third-class levers. When the input force is applied farther from the fulcrum, the input distance is greater than the output distance, so the ideal mechanical advantage is greater than 1. This always occurs with second-class levers and may occur with first-class levers. [SEP] When the input force is applied farther from the fulcrum , the input distance is greater than the output distance
This occurs with both second- and third-class levers. When the input force is applied farther from the fulcrum, the input distance is greater than the output distance, so the ideal mechanical advantage is greater than 1. This always occurs with second-class levers and may occur with first-class levers. [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is greater than 1 .
This always occurs with second-class levers and may occur with first-class levers. When the input force is applied closer to the fulcrum, the input distance is less than the output distance, so the ideal mechanical advantage is less than 1. This always occurs with third-class levers and may occur with first-class levers. [SEP] When the input force is applied closer to the fulcrum , the input distance is less than the output distance
This always occurs with second-class levers and may occur with first-class levers. When the input force is applied closer to the fulcrum, the input distance is less than the output distance, so the ideal mechanical advantage is less than 1. This always occurs with third-class levers and may occur with first-class levers. [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is less than 1 .
This always occurs with third-class levers and may occur with first-class levers. When both forces are the same distance from the fulcrum, the input distance equals the output distance, so the ideal mechanical advantage equals 1. This occurs only with first class-levers. [SEP] When both forces are the same distance from the fulcrum , the input distance equals the output distance
This always occurs with third-class levers and may occur with first-class levers. When both forces are the same distance from the fulcrum, the input distance equals the output distance, so the ideal mechanical advantage equals 1. This occurs only with first class-levers. [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage equals 1 .
Did you ever ride on a Ferris wheel, like the one pictured in Figure 16.20? If you did, then you know how thrilling the ride can be. A Ferris wheel is an example of a wheel and axle. [SEP] you did
Did you ever ride on a Ferris wheel, like the one pictured in Figure 16.20? If you did, then you know how thrilling the ride can be. A Ferris wheel is an example of a wheel and axle. [SEP] then you know how thrilling the ride can be .
In both cases, the direction of the force does not change, but the force is either increased or applied over a greater distance. When the input force is applied to the axle, as it is with a Ferris wheel, the wheel turns with less force, so the ideal mechanical advantage is less than 1. However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. [SEP] When the input force is applied to the axle , as it is with a Ferris wheel , the wheel turns with less force
In both cases, the direction of the force does not change, but the force is either increased or applied over a greater distance. When the input force is applied to the axle, as it is with a Ferris wheel, the wheel turns with less force, so the ideal mechanical advantage is less than 1. However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is less than 1 .
In both cases, the direction of the force does not change, but the force is either increased or applied over a greater distance. When the input force is applied to the axle, as it is with a Ferris wheel, the wheel turns with less force, so the ideal mechanical advantage is less than 1. However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. [SEP] it is with a Ferris wheel , the wheel turns with less force
In both cases, the direction of the force does not change, but the force is either increased or applied over a greater distance. When the input force is applied to the axle, as it is with a Ferris wheel, the wheel turns with less force, so the ideal mechanical advantage is less than 1. However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. [SEP] the input force is applied to the axle
When the input force is applied to the axle, as it is with a Ferris wheel, the wheel turns with less force, so the ideal mechanical advantage is less than 1. However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. [SEP] However , the wheel turns over a greater distance
When the input force is applied to the axle, as it is with a Ferris wheel, the wheel turns with less force, so the ideal mechanical advantage is less than 1. However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. [SEP] it turns faster than the axle .
However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. When the input force is applied to the wheel, as it is with a steering wheel, the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force, so the ideal mechanical advantage is greater than 1. [SEP] The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is
However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. When the input force is applied to the wheel, as it is with a steering wheel, the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force, so the ideal mechanical advantage is greater than 1. [SEP] exciting . When the input force is applied to the wheel , as it is with a steering wheel , the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force , so the ideal mechanical advantage is greater than
The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. When the input force is applied to the wheel, as it is with a steering wheel, the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force, so the ideal mechanical advantage is greater than 1. This allows you to turn the steering wheel with relatively little effort, while the axle of the steering wheel applies enough force to turn the car. [SEP] When the input force is applied to the wheel , as it is with a steering wheel , the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force
The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. When the input force is applied to the wheel, as it is with a steering wheel, the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force, so the ideal mechanical advantage is greater than 1. This allows you to turn the steering wheel with relatively little effort, while the axle of the steering wheel applies enough force to turn the car. [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is greater than 1 .
The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. When the input force is applied to the wheel, as it is with a steering wheel, the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force, so the ideal mechanical advantage is greater than 1. This allows you to turn the steering wheel with relatively little effort, while the axle of the steering wheel applies enough force to turn the car. [SEP] it is with a steering wheel , the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force
The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. When the input force is applied to the wheel, as it is with a steering wheel, the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force, so the ideal mechanical advantage is greater than 1. This allows you to turn the steering wheel with relatively little effort, while the axle of the steering wheel applies enough force to turn the car. [SEP] the input force is applied to the wheel
The highway in the figure switches back and forth so it climbs up the steep hillside. Both the ramp and the highway are examples of inclined planes. [SEP] The highway in the figure switches back and forth
The highway in the figure switches back and forth so it climbs up the steep hillside. Both the ramp and the highway are examples of inclined planes. [SEP] it climbs up the steep hillside .
An inclined plane is a simple machine consisting of a sloping surface that connects lower and higher elevations. The sloping surface of the inclined plane supports part of the weight of the object as it moves up the slope. As a result, it takes less force to move the object uphill. [SEP] it moves up the slope .
An inclined plane is a simple machine consisting of a sloping surface that connects lower and higher elevations. The sloping surface of the inclined plane supports part of the weight of the object as it moves up the slope. As a result, it takes less force to move the object uphill. [SEP] The sloping surface of the inclined plane supports part of the weight of the object
The sloping surface of the inclined plane supports part of the weight of the object as it moves up the slope. As a result, it takes less force to move the object uphill. The trade-off is that the object must be moved over a greater distance than if it were moved straight up to the higher elevation. [SEP] The sloping surface of the inclined plane supports part of the weight of the object as it moves up the slope
The sloping surface of the inclined plane supports part of the weight of the object as it moves up the slope. As a result, it takes less force to move the object uphill. The trade-off is that the object must be moved over a greater distance than if it were moved straight up to the higher elevation. [SEP] it takes less force to move the object uphill .
As a result, it takes less force to move the object uphill. The trade-off is that the object must be moved over a greater distance than if it were moved straight up to the higher elevation. On the other hand, the output force is greater than the input force because it is applied over a shorter distance. [SEP] it were moved straight up to the higher elevation .
As a result, it takes less force to move the object uphill. The trade-off is that the object must be moved over a greater distance than if it were moved straight up to the higher elevation. On the other hand, the output force is greater than the input force because it is applied over a shorter distance. [SEP] The trade-off is that the object must be moved over a greater distance than
The trade-off is that the object must be moved over a greater distance than if it were moved straight up to the higher elevation. On the other hand, the output force is greater than the input force because it is applied over a shorter distance. Like other simple machines, the ideal mechanical advantage of an inclined plane is given by: Ideal Mechanical Advantage = Input distance Output distance For an inclined plane, the input distance is the length of the sloping surface, and the output distance is the maximum height of the inclined plane. [SEP] it is applied over a shorter distance .
The trade-off is that the object must be moved over a greater distance than if it were moved straight up to the higher elevation. On the other hand, the output force is greater than the input force because it is applied over a shorter distance. Like other simple machines, the ideal mechanical advantage of an inclined plane is given by: Ideal Mechanical Advantage = Input distance Output distance For an inclined plane, the input distance is the length of the sloping surface, and the output distance is the maximum height of the inclined plane. [SEP] On the other hand , the output force is greater than the input force
This was illustrated in Figure 16.12. Because the sloping surface is always greater than the height of the inclined plane, the ideal mechanical advantage of an inclined plane is always greater than 1. An inclined plane with a longer sloping surface relative to its height has a gentler slope. [SEP] the sloping surface is always greater than the height of the inclined plane
This was illustrated in Figure 16.12. Because the sloping surface is always greater than the height of the inclined plane, the ideal mechanical advantage of an inclined plane is always greater than 1. An inclined plane with a longer sloping surface relative to its height has a gentler slope. [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage of an inclined plane is always greater than 1 .
 Two simple machines that are based on the inclined plane are the wedge and the screw. Both increase the force used to move an object because the input force is applied over a greater distance than the output force. [SEP] the inclined plane are the wedge and the screw .
 Two simple machines that are based on the inclined plane are the wedge and the screw. Both increase the force used to move an object because the input force is applied over a greater distance than the output force. [SEP] Two simple machines that are
Two simple machines that are based on the inclined plane are the wedge and the screw. Both increase the force used to move an object because the input force is applied over a greater distance than the output force.  [SEP] the input force is applied over a greater distance than the output force .
Two simple machines that are based on the inclined plane are the wedge and the screw. Both increase the force used to move an object because the input force is applied over a greater distance than the output force.  [SEP] Both increase the force used to move an object
Imagine trying to slice a tomato with a fork or spoon instead of a knife, like the one in Figure 16.15. The knife makes the job a lot easier because of the wedge shape of the blade. A wedge is a simple machine that consists of two inclined planes. [SEP] The knife makes the job a lot easier
Imagine trying to slice a tomato with a fork or spoon instead of a knife, like the one in Figure 16.15. The knife makes the job a lot easier because of the wedge shape of the blade. A wedge is a simple machine that consists of two inclined planes. [SEP] . A wedge is a simple machine that consists of two inclined planes
The input force is applied to the thick end of a wedge, and it acts over the length of the wedge. The output force pushes against the object on both sides of the wedge, so the output distance is the thickness of the wedge. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of a wedge can be calculated as: Ideal Mechanical Advantage = [SEP] The output force pushes against the object on both sides of the wedge
The input force is applied to the thick end of a wedge, and it acts over the length of the wedge. The output force pushes against the object on both sides of the wedge, so the output distance is the thickness of the wedge. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of a wedge can be calculated as: Ideal Mechanical Advantage = [SEP] the output distance is the thickness of the wedge .
The output force pushes against the object on both sides of the wedge, so the output distance is the thickness of the wedge. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of a wedge can be calculated as: Ideal Mechanical Advantage = Length of wedge [SEP] output force pushes against the object on both sides of the wedge , so the output distance is the thickness of the wedge
The output force pushes against the object on both sides of the wedge, so the output distance is the thickness of the wedge. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of a wedge can be calculated as: Ideal Mechanical Advantage = Length of wedge [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage of a wedge can be calculated as : Ideal Mechanical Advantage =
The length of a wedge is always greater than its maximum thickness. As a result, the ideal mechanical advantage of a wedge is always greater than 1.  [SEP] The length of a wedge is always greater than its maximum thickness
The length of a wedge is always greater than its maximum thickness. As a result, the ideal mechanical advantage of a wedge is always greater than 1.  [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage of a wedge is always greater than 1 .
It acts along the length of the cylinder around which the inclined plane is wrapped. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of a screw is calculated as: Ideal Mechanical Advantage = Length of inclined plane Length of screw [SEP] It acts along the length of the cylinder around which the inclined plane is wrapped
It acts along the length of the cylinder around which the inclined plane is wrapped. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of a screw is calculated as: Ideal Mechanical Advantage = Length of inclined plane Length of screw [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage of a screw is calculated as : Ideal Mechanical Advantage =
The length of the inclined plane is always greater than the length of the screw. As a result, the mechanical advantage of a screw is always greater than 1. Look at the collection of screws and bolts in Figure 16.17. [SEP] The length of the inclined plane is always greater than the length of the screw
The length of the inclined plane is always greater than the length of the screw. As a result, the mechanical advantage of a screw is always greater than 1. Look at the collection of screws and bolts in Figure 16.17. [SEP] the mechanical advantage of a screw is always greater than 1 .
In some of them, the turns (or threads) of the inclined plane are closer together. The closer together the threads are, the longer the inclined plane is relative to the length of the screw or bolt, so the greater its mechanical advantage is. Therefore, if the threads are closer together, you need to apply less force to penetrate the wood or other object. [SEP] The closer together the threads are , the longer the inclined plane is relative to the length of the screw or bolt
In some of them, the turns (or threads) of the inclined plane are closer together. The closer together the threads are, the longer the inclined plane is relative to the length of the screw or bolt, so the greater its mechanical advantage is. Therefore, if the threads are closer together, you need to apply less force to penetrate the wood or other object. [SEP] the greater its mechanical advantage is .
The closer together the threads are, the longer the inclined plane is relative to the length of the screw or bolt, so the greater its mechanical advantage is. Therefore, if the threads are closer together, you need to apply less force to penetrate the wood or other object. The trade-off is that more turns of the screw or bolt are needed to do the job because the distance over which the input force must be applied is greater. [SEP] closer together the threads are , the longer the inclined plane is relative to the length of the screw or bolt , so the greater its mechanical advantage is
The closer together the threads are, the longer the inclined plane is relative to the length of the screw or bolt, so the greater its mechanical advantage is. Therefore, if the threads are closer together, you need to apply less force to penetrate the wood or other object. The trade-off is that more turns of the screw or bolt are needed to do the job because the distance over which the input force must be applied is greater. [SEP] if the threads are closer together , you need to apply less force to penetrate the wood or other object .
Therefore, if the threads are closer together, you need to apply less force to penetrate the wood or other object. The trade-off is that more turns of the screw or bolt are needed to do the job because the distance over which the input force must be applied is greater.  [SEP] the distance over which the input force must be applied is greater .
Therefore, if the threads are closer together, you need to apply less force to penetrate the wood or other object. The trade-off is that more turns of the screw or bolt are needed to do the job because the distance over which the input force must be applied is greater.  [SEP] The trade-off is that more turns of the screw or bolt are needed to do the job
You can experiment with an interactive animation of compound pulleys with various numbers of pulleys at this link:  . In a single fixed pulley, only one rope segment lifts the object, so the ideal mechanical advantage is 1. This type of pulley doesnt increase the force, but it does change the direction of the force. [SEP] , only one rope segment lifts the object
You can experiment with an interactive animation of compound pulleys with various numbers of pulleys at this link:  . In a single fixed pulley, only one rope segment lifts the object, so the ideal mechanical advantage is 1. This type of pulley doesnt increase the force, but it does change the direction of the force. [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is 1 .
This allows you to use your weight to pull on one end of the rope and more easily raise the object attached to the other end. In a single moveable pulley, two rope segments lift the object, so the ideal mechanical advantage is 2. This type of pulley doesnt change the direction of the force, but it does increase the force. [SEP] , two rope segments lift the object
This allows you to use your weight to pull on one end of the rope and more easily raise the object attached to the other end. In a single moveable pulley, two rope segments lift the object, so the ideal mechanical advantage is 2. This type of pulley doesnt change the direction of the force, but it does increase the force. [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is 2 .
This type of pulley doesnt change the direction of the force, but it does increase the force. In a compound pulley, two or more rope segments lift the object, so the ideal mechanical advantage is equal to or greater than 2. This type of pulley may or may not change the direction of the force, depending on the number and arrangement of pulleys. [SEP] , two or more rope segments lift the object
This type of pulley doesnt change the direction of the force, but it does increase the force. In a compound pulley, two or more rope segments lift the object, so the ideal mechanical advantage is equal to or greater than 2. This type of pulley may or may not change the direction of the force, depending on the number and arrangement of pulleys. [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is equal to or greater than 2 .
 Because compound machines have more moving parts than simple machines, they generally have more friction to overcome. As a result, compound machines tend to have lower efficiency than simple machines. [SEP] compound machines have more moving parts than simple machines
 Because compound machines have more moving parts than simple machines, they generally have more friction to overcome. As a result, compound machines tend to have lower efficiency than simple machines. [SEP] they generally have more friction to overcome .
Because compound machines have more moving parts than simple machines, they generally have more friction to overcome. As a result, compound machines tend to have lower efficiency than simple machines. When a compound machine consists of a large number of simple machines, friction may become a serious problem, and it may produce a lot of heat. [SEP] Because compound machines have more moving parts than simple machines , they generally have more friction to overcome
Because compound machines have more moving parts than simple machines, they generally have more friction to overcome. As a result, compound machines tend to have lower efficiency than simple machines. When a compound machine consists of a large number of simple machines, friction may become a serious problem, and it may produce a lot of heat. [SEP] compound machines tend to have lower efficiency than simple machines .
When a compound machine consists of a large number of simple machines, friction may become a serious problem, and it may produce a lot of heat. Lubricants such as oil or grease may be used to coat the moving parts so they slide over each other more easily. This is how a cars friction is reduced. [SEP] Lubricants such as oil or grease may be used to coat the moving parts
When a compound machine consists of a large number of simple machines, friction may become a serious problem, and it may produce a lot of heat. Lubricants such as oil or grease may be used to coat the moving parts so they slide over each other more easily. This is how a cars friction is reduced. [SEP] they slide over each other more
Compound machines have a greater mechanical advantage than simple machines. Thats because the mechanical advantage of a compound machine equals the product of the mechanical advantages of all its component simple machines. The greater the number of simple machines it contains, the greater is its mechanical advantage. [SEP] the mechanical advantage of a compound machine equals the product of the mechanical advantages of all its component simple machines .
Compound machines have a greater mechanical advantage than simple machines. Thats because the mechanical advantage of a compound machine equals the product of the mechanical advantages of all its component simple machines. The greater the number of simple machines it contains, the greater is its mechanical advantage. [SEP] machines have a greater mechanical advantage than simple machines . Thats
QUEST visits Davis  a city that loves its bicycles  to take a ride on a research bicycle and explore a collection of antique bicycles. Scientists say studying the complicated physics of bicycling can lead to the design of safer, and more efficient bikes. For more information on the science of riding a bicycle, see  MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the complicated physics of bicycling
QUEST visits Davis  a city that loves its bicycles  to take a ride on a research bicycle and explore a collection of antique bicycles. Scientists say studying the complicated physics of bicycling can lead to the design of safer, and more efficient bikes. For more information on the science of riding a bicycle, see  MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the design of safer , and more efficient bikes
Some compound machines consist of just two simple machines. For example, a wheelbarrow consists of a lever, as you read earlier in the lesson "Simple Machines," and also a wheel and axle. Other compound machines, such as cars, consist of hundreds or even thousands of simple machines. [SEP] you read earlier in the lesson `` Simple Machines , '' and also a wheel and axle .
Some compound machines consist of just two simple machines. For example, a wheelbarrow consists of a lever, as you read earlier in the lesson "Simple Machines," and also a wheel and axle. Other compound machines, such as cars, consist of hundreds or even thousands of simple machines. [SEP] For example , a wheelbarrow consists of a lever
The rod is a third-class lever, with the fulcrum on one end of the rod, the input force close to the fulcrum, and the output force at the other end of the rod. The output distance is greater than the input distance, so the angler can fling the fishing line far out into the water with just a flick of the wrist. The reel is a wheel and axle that works as a pulley. [SEP] The output distance is greater than the input distance
The rod is a third-class lever, with the fulcrum on one end of the rod, the input force close to the fulcrum, and the output force at the other end of the rod. The output distance is greater than the input distance, so the angler can fling the fishing line far out into the water with just a flick of the wrist. The reel is a wheel and axle that works as a pulley. [SEP] the angler can fling the fishing line far out into the water with just a flick of the wrist .
 Potential energy due to an objects shape is called elastic potential energy. This energy results when elastic objects are stretched or compressed. [SEP] an objects shape
 Potential energy due to an objects shape is called elastic potential energy. This energy results when elastic objects are stretched or compressed. [SEP] is called elastic potential energy .
His gravitational potential energy changes to kinetic energy as he falls toward the water. However, he can regain his potential energy by getting out of the water and climbing back up to the diving board. This requires an input of kinetic energy. [SEP] getting out of the water and climbing back up to the diving board
His gravitational potential energy changes to kinetic energy as he falls toward the water. However, he can regain his potential energy by getting out of the water and climbing back up to the diving board. This requires an input of kinetic energy. [SEP] However , he can regain his potential energy
However, he can regain his potential energy by getting out of the water and climbing back up to the diving board. This requires an input of kinetic energy. These changes in energy are examples of energy conversion, the process in which energy changes from one type or form to another. [SEP] an input of kinetic energy
However, he can regain his potential energy by getting out of the water and climbing back up to the diving board. This requires an input of kinetic energy. These changes in energy are examples of energy conversion, the process in which energy changes from one type or form to another. [SEP] However , he can regain his potential energy by getting out of the water and climbing back up to the diving board
 The concept of energy was first introduced in the chapter "States of Matter," where it is defined as the ability to cause change in matter. Energy can also be defined as the ability to do work. [SEP] the ability to cause change in matter .
 The concept of energy was first introduced in the chapter "States of Matter," where it is defined as the ability to cause change in matter. Energy can also be defined as the ability to do work. [SEP] The concept of energy was first introduced in the chapter `` States of Matter , '' where it is defined
The concept of energy was first introduced in the chapter "States of Matter," where it is defined as the ability to cause change in matter. Energy can also be defined as the ability to do work. Work is done whenever a force is used to move matter. [SEP] the ability to do work .
The concept of energy was first introduced in the chapter "States of Matter," where it is defined as the ability to cause change in matter. Energy can also be defined as the ability to do work. Work is done whenever a force is used to move matter. [SEP] Energy can also be defined
For example, if mass doubles, kinetic energy also doubles. But if velocity doubles, kinetic energy increases by a factor of four. Thats because velocity is squared in the equation. [SEP] velocity doubles
For example, if mass doubles, kinetic energy also doubles. But if velocity doubles, kinetic energy increases by a factor of four. Thats because velocity is squared in the equation. [SEP] kinetic energy increases by a factor of four .
But if velocity doubles, kinetic energy increases by a factor of four. Thats because velocity is squared in the equation. You can see for yourself how mass and velocity affect kinetic energy by working through the problems below. [SEP] velocity is squared in the equation .
But if velocity doubles, kinetic energy increases by a factor of four. Thats because velocity is squared in the equation. You can see for yourself how mass and velocity affect kinetic energy by working through the problems below. [SEP] if velocity doubles , kinetic energy increases by a factor of four . Thats
Thats because velocity is squared in the equation. You can see for yourself how mass and velocity affect kinetic energy by working through the problems below. Problem Solving Problem: Juan has a mass of 50 kg. [SEP] working through the problems below
Thats because velocity is squared in the equation. You can see for yourself how mass and velocity affect kinetic energy by working through the problems below. Problem Solving Problem: Juan has a mass of 50 kg. [SEP] You can see for yourself how mass and velocity affect kinetic energy
Problem: Juans dad has a mass of 100 kg. How much kinetic energy does he have if he runs at a velocity of 2 m/s?  [SEP] he runs at a velocity of 2 m/s ?
Problem: Juans dad has a mass of 100 kg. How much kinetic energy does he have if he runs at a velocity of 2 m/s?  [SEP] much kinetic energy does he have
The leaves turn color and then fall from the trees to the ground. As the leaves are falling, they have kinetic energy. While they are still attached to the trees they also have energy, but its not because of motion. [SEP] the leaves are falling , they have kinetic energy .
The leaves turn color and then fall from the trees to the ground. As the leaves are falling, they have kinetic energy. While they are still attached to the trees they also have energy, but its not because of motion. [SEP] The leaves turn color and then fall from the trees to the ground .
As the leaves are falling, they have kinetic energy. While they are still attached to the trees they also have energy, but its not because of motion. Instead, they have stored energy, called potential energy. [SEP] While they are still attached to the trees they also have energy , but its not
As the leaves are falling, they have kinetic energy. While they are still attached to the trees they also have energy, but its not because of motion. Instead, they have stored energy, called potential energy. [SEP] . Instead , they have stored energy , called potential energy
Instead, they have stored energy, called potential energy. An object has potential energy because of its position or shape. For example leaves on trees have potential energy because they could fall due to the pull of gravity. [SEP] An object has potential energy
Instead, they have stored energy, called potential energy. An object has potential energy because of its position or shape. For example leaves on trees have potential energy because they could fall due to the pull of gravity. [SEP] . For example leaves on trees have potential energy because they could fall due to the pull of gravity
An object has potential energy because of its position or shape. For example leaves on trees have potential energy because they could fall due to the pull of gravity.  [SEP] they could fall due to the pull of gravity .
An object has potential energy because of its position or shape. For example leaves on trees have potential energy because they could fall due to the pull of gravity.  [SEP] For example leaves on trees have potential energy
An object has potential energy because of its position or shape. For example leaves on trees have potential energy because they could fall due to the pull of gravity.  [SEP] the pull of gravity
An object has potential energy because of its position or shape. For example leaves on trees have potential energy because they could fall due to the pull of gravity.  [SEP] they could fall
 Potential energy due to the position of an object above Earth is called gravitational potential energy. Like the leaves on trees, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. [SEP] the position of an object above Earth
 Potential energy due to the position of an object above Earth is called gravitational potential energy. Like the leaves on trees, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. [SEP] is called gravitational potential energy .
Potential energy due to the position of an object above Earth is called gravitational potential energy. Like the leaves on trees, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. You can see examples of people with gravitational potential energy in Figure 17.5. [SEP] Like the leaves on trees , anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall
Potential energy due to the position of an object above Earth is called gravitational potential energy. Like the leaves on trees, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. You can see examples of people with gravitational potential energy in Figure 17.5. [SEP] . You can see examples of people with gravitational potential energy in Figure 17.5
weight  height Consider the diver in Figure 17.5. If he weighs 70 newtons and the diving board is 5 meters above Earths surface, then his potential energy is: GPE = 70 N  5 [SEP] he weighs 70 newtons and the diving board is 5 meters above Earths surface
weight  height Consider the diver in Figure 17.5. If he weighs 70 newtons and the diving board is 5 meters above Earths surface, then his potential energy is: GPE = 70 N  5 [SEP] his potential energy is : GPE = 70
For an introduction to all these forms of energy, go to this URL:  . For an interactive animation about the different forms of energy, visit this URL:  After you read below about different forms of energy, you can check your knowledge by doing the drag and drop quiz at this URL:  .  [SEP] doing the drag and drop quiz at this URL :
For an introduction to all these forms of energy, go to this URL:  . For an interactive animation about the different forms of energy, visit this URL:  After you read below about different forms of energy, you can check your knowledge by doing the drag and drop quiz at this URL:  .  [SEP] : After you read below about different forms of energy , you can check your knowledge
Moving electrons have a form of kinetic energy called electrical energy. If youve ever experienced an electric outage, then you know how hard it is to get by without electrical energy. Most of the electrical energy we use is produced by power plants and arrives in our homes through wires. [SEP] youve ever experienced an electric outage
Moving electrons have a form of kinetic energy called electrical energy. If youve ever experienced an electric outage, then you know how hard it is to get by without electrical energy. Most of the electrical energy we use is produced by power plants and arrives in our homes through wires. [SEP] you know how hard it is to get by without electrical energy .
This energy is called chemical energy, and it is a form of potential energy. If the bonds between atoms are broken, the energy is released and can do work. The wood in the fireplace in Figure 17.10 has chemical energy. [SEP] the bonds between atoms are broken
This energy is called chemical energy, and it is a form of potential energy. If the bonds between atoms are broken, the energy is released and can do work. The wood in the fireplace in Figure 17.10 has chemical energy. [SEP] the energy is released and can do work .
It is the sum of an objects kinetic and potential energy. In Figure 17.9, the basketball has mechanical energy because it is moving. The arrow in the same figure has mechanical energy because it has the potential to move due to the elasticity of the bow. [SEP] it is moving .
It is the sum of an objects kinetic and potential energy. In Figure 17.9, the basketball has mechanical energy because it is moving. The arrow in the same figure has mechanical energy because it has the potential to move due to the elasticity of the bow. [SEP] In Figure 17.9 , the basketball has mechanical energy
In Figure 17.9, the basketball has mechanical energy because it is moving. The arrow in the same figure has mechanical energy because it has the potential to move due to the elasticity of the bow. What are some other examples of mechanical energy? [SEP] it has the potential to move due to the elasticity of the bow .
In Figure 17.9, the basketball has mechanical energy because it is moving. The arrow in the same figure has mechanical energy because it has the potential to move due to the elasticity of the bow. What are some other examples of mechanical energy? [SEP] The arrow in the same figure has mechanical energy
In Figure 17.9, the basketball has mechanical energy because it is moving. The arrow in the same figure has mechanical energy because it has the potential to move due to the elasticity of the bow. What are some other examples of mechanical energy? [SEP] the elasticity of the bow
In Figure 17.9, the basketball has mechanical energy because it is moving. The arrow in the same figure has mechanical energy because it has the potential to move due to the elasticity of the bow. What are some other examples of mechanical energy? [SEP] it has the potential to move
http://fi.edu/guide/hughes/energychangeex.html . You can check your understanding of how energy changes form by doing the quizzes at these URLs:   Energy is conserved in energy conversions. [SEP] doing the quizzes at these URLs
http://fi.edu/guide/hughes/energychangeex.html . You can check your understanding of how energy changes form by doing the quizzes at these URLs:   Energy is conserved in energy conversions. [SEP] You can check your understanding of how energy changes form
Energy is conserved in energy conversions. No energy is lost when energy changes form, although some may be released as thermal energy due to friction. For example, not all of the energy put into a steam turbine in Figure 17.16 changes to electrical energy. [SEP] friction
Energy is conserved in energy conversions. No energy is lost when energy changes form, although some may be released as thermal energy due to friction. For example, not all of the energy put into a steam turbine in Figure 17.16 changes to electrical energy. [SEP] No energy is lost when energy changes form , although some may be released as thermal energy
For example, not all of the energy put into a steam turbine in Figure 17.16 changes to electrical energy. Some changes to thermal energy because of friction of the turning blades and other moving parts. The more efficient a device is, the greater the percentage of usable energy it produces. [SEP] Some changes to thermal energy
For example, not all of the energy put into a steam turbine in Figure 17.16 changes to electrical energy. Some changes to thermal energy because of friction of the turning blades and other moving parts. The more efficient a device is, the greater the percentage of usable energy it produces. [SEP] . The more efficient a device is , the greater the percentage of usable energy it produces
Sound energy can travel through air, water, and other substances, but not through empty space. Thats because the energy needs particles of matter to pass it on.  [SEP] the energy needs particles of matter to pass it on .
Sound energy can travel through air, water, and other substances, but not through empty space. Thats because the energy needs particles of matter to pass it on.  [SEP] energy can travel through air , water , and other substances , but not through empty space . Thats
 The atoms that make up matter are in constant motion, so they have kinetic energy. All that motion gives matter thermal energy. [SEP] The atoms that make up matter are in constant motion
 The atoms that make up matter are in constant motion, so they have kinetic energy. All that motion gives matter thermal energy. [SEP] they have kinetic energy .
It depends on how fast the atoms are moving and how many atoms the object has. Therefore, an object with more mass has greater thermal energy than an object with less mass, even if their individual atoms are moving at the same speed. You can see an example of this in Figure 17.13. [SEP] It depends on how fast the atoms are moving and how many atoms the object has
It depends on how fast the atoms are moving and how many atoms the object has. Therefore, an object with more mass has greater thermal energy than an object with less mass, even if their individual atoms are moving at the same speed. You can see an example of this in Figure 17.13. [SEP] an object with more mass has greater thermal energy than an object with less mass , even if their individual atoms are moving at the same speed .
The U.S. uses more oil than several other top-ten countries combined. If you also consider the population size in these countries, the differences are even more stunning. The average person in the U.S. uses a whopping 23 barrels of oil a year! [SEP] you also consider the population size in these countries
The U.S. uses more oil than several other top-ten countries combined. If you also consider the population size in these countries, the differences are even more stunning. The average person in the U.S. uses a whopping 23 barrels of oil a year! [SEP] the differences are even more stunning .
In comparison, the average person in India or China uses just 1 or 2 barrels a year. Because richer nations use more fossil fuels, they also cause more air pollution and global warming than poorer nations do.  [SEP] richer nations use more fossil fuels
In comparison, the average person in India or China uses just 1 or 2 barrels a year. Because richer nations use more fossil fuels, they also cause more air pollution and global warming than poorer nations do.  [SEP] they also cause more air pollution and global warming than poorer nations do .
Each of these energy resources is described in Table 17.1. Resources such as sunlight and wind are limitless in supply, so they will never run out. Besides their availability, renewable energy resources also have the advantage of producing little if any pollution and not contributing to global warming. [SEP] Resources such as sunlight and wind are limitless in supply
Each of these energy resources is described in Table 17.1. Resources such as sunlight and wind are limitless in supply, so they will never run out. Besides their availability, renewable energy resources also have the advantage of producing little if any pollution and not contributing to global warming. [SEP] they will never run out .
Either effect may harm ecosystems. Wind Wind is moving air, so it has kinetic energy that can do work. Remember the wind turbines that opened this chapter? [SEP] Wind Wind is moving air
Either effect may harm ecosystems. Wind Wind is moving air, so it has kinetic energy that can do work. Remember the wind turbines that opened this chapter? [SEP] it has kinetic energy that can do work .
The dam spans the Colorado River. This old-fashioned windmill captures wind energy that is used for pumping water out of a well. Windmills like this one have been used for centuries. [SEP] pumping water out of a well
The dam spans the Colorado River. This old-fashioned windmill captures wind energy that is used for pumping water out of a well. Windmills like this one have been used for centuries. [SEP] This old-fashioned windmill captures wind energy that is used
On a small scale, geothermal energy can be used to heat homes. Installing a geothermal system can be very costly, how- ever, because of the need to drill through underground rocks. Example This large machine is harvesting and grinding plants to be used for biomass energy. [SEP] Installing a geothermal system can be very costly , how - ever
On a small scale, geothermal energy can be used to heat homes. Installing a geothermal system can be very costly, how- ever, because of the need to drill through underground rocks. Example This large machine is harvesting and grinding plants to be used for biomass energy. [SEP] . Example This large machine is harvesting and grinding plants to be used for biomass energy
The largest solar thermal plant in the world opens in Californias Mojave Desert, after a debate that pitted renewable energy against a threatened tortoise. The Ivanpah solar plant is one of seven big solar farms scheduled to open in California in the coming months, as a result of the states push to produce one third of its electricity from renewable energy. Some 30 states have similar mandates. [SEP] the states
The largest solar thermal plant in the world opens in Californias Mojave Desert, after a debate that pitted renewable energy against a threatened tortoise. The Ivanpah solar plant is one of seven big solar farms scheduled to open in California in the coming months, as a result of the states push to produce one third of its electricity from renewable energy. Some 30 states have similar mandates. [SEP] The Ivanpah solar plant is one of seven big solar farms scheduled to open in California in the coming months ,
 We can reduce our use of energy resources and the pollution they cause by conserving energy. Conservation means saving resources by using them more efficiently or not using them at all. [SEP] conserving energy
 We can reduce our use of energy resources and the pollution they cause by conserving energy. Conservation means saving resources by using them more efficiently or not using them at all. [SEP] We can reduce our use of energy resources and the pollution they cause
We can reduce our use of energy resources and the pollution they cause by conserving energy. Conservation means saving resources by using them more efficiently or not using them at all. Figure 17.24 shows several ways that people can conserve energy in their daily lives. [SEP] using them more efficiently
We can reduce our use of energy resources and the pollution they cause by conserving energy. Conservation means saving resources by using them more efficiently or not using them at all. Figure 17.24 shows several ways that people can conserve energy in their daily lives. [SEP] or not using them at all .
The spoon particles started moving faster and became warmer, causing the temperature of the spoon to rise. Because the coffee particles lost some of their kinetic energy to the spoon particles, the coffee particles started to move more slowly. This caused the temperature of the coffee to fall. [SEP] the coffee particles lost some of their kinetic energy to the spoon particles
The spoon particles started moving faster and became warmer, causing the temperature of the spoon to rise. Because the coffee particles lost some of their kinetic energy to the spoon particles, the coffee particles started to move more slowly. This caused the temperature of the coffee to fall. [SEP] the coffee particles started to move more slowly .
When the sun hits the bridge, the metal expands and the bridge cables stretch. As the fog rolls in, the cables contract and the bridge goes up. Curators from the Outdoor Exploratorium in San Francisco have set up a scope two miles away so you can see how the bridge is moving up or down depending on the weather. [SEP] the fog rolls in , the cables contract and the bridge goes up .
When the sun hits the bridge, the metal expands and the bridge cables stretch. As the fog rolls in, the cables contract and the bridge goes up. Curators from the Outdoor Exploratorium in San Francisco have set up a scope two miles away so you can see how the bridge is moving up or down depending on the weather. [SEP] the sun hits the bridge , the metal expands and the bridge cables stretch .
As the fog rolls in, the cables contract and the bridge goes up. Curators from the Outdoor Exploratorium in San Francisco have set up a scope two miles away so you can see how the bridge is moving up or down depending on the weather. For more information on how the bridge moves due to temperature, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/quest-lab-bridge-thermometer/ . [SEP] Curators from the Outdoor Exploratorium in San Francisco have set up a scope two miles away
As the fog rolls in, the cables contract and the bridge goes up. Curators from the Outdoor Exploratorium in San Francisco have set up a scope two miles away so you can see how the bridge is moving up or down depending on the weather. For more information on how the bridge moves due to temperature, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/quest-lab-bridge-thermometer/ . [SEP] you can see how the bridge is moving up or down depending on the weather .
Curators from the Outdoor Exploratorium in San Francisco have set up a scope two miles away so you can see how the bridge is moving up or down depending on the weather. For more information on how the bridge moves due to temperature, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/quest-lab-bridge-thermometer/ . Heat is the transfer of thermal energy between objects that have different temperatures. [SEP] temperature
Curators from the Outdoor Exploratorium in San Francisco have set up a scope two miles away so you can see how the bridge is moving up or down depending on the weather. For more information on how the bridge moves due to temperature, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/quest-lab-bridge-thermometer/ . Heat is the transfer of thermal energy between objects that have different temperatures. [SEP] see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/quest-lab-bridge-thermometer/ .
The girls in Figure 18.4 are having fun at the beach. Its a warm, sunny day, and the sand feels hot under their bare hands and feet. The water, in contrast, feels much cooler. [SEP] Its a warm , sunny day
The girls in Figure 18.4 are having fun at the beach. Its a warm, sunny day, and the sand feels hot under their bare hands and feet. The water, in contrast, feels much cooler. [SEP] and the sand feels hot under their bare hands and feet .
The water, in contrast, feels much cooler. Why does the sand get so hot while the water does not? The answer has to do with specific heat. [SEP] Why does the sand get
The water, in contrast, feels much cooler. Why does the sand get so hot while the water does not? The answer has to do with specific heat. [SEP] hot while the water does
No doubt you already have a good idea of what temperature is. You might define it as how hot or cold something feels. In physics, temperature is defined as the average kinetic energy of the particles in an object. [SEP] how hot or cold something feels .
No doubt you already have a good idea of what temperature is. You might define it as how hot or cold something feels. In physics, temperature is defined as the average kinetic energy of the particles in an object. [SEP] You might define it
Look at the thermometer in Figure 18.2. Particles of the red liquid have greater energy when they are warmer, so they move more and spread apart. This causes the liquid to expand and rise higher in the glass tube. [SEP] Particles of the red liquid have greater energy when they are warmer
Look at the thermometer in Figure 18.2. Particles of the red liquid have greater energy when they are warmer, so they move more and spread apart. This causes the liquid to expand and rise higher in the glass tube. [SEP] they move more and spread apart .
 If two objects have the same mass, the object with the higher temperature has greater thermal energy. Temperature affects thermal energy, but temperature isnt the same thing as thermal energy. [SEP] two objects have the same mass
 If two objects have the same mass, the object with the higher temperature has greater thermal energy. Temperature affects thermal energy, but temperature isnt the same thing as thermal energy. [SEP] the object with the higher temperature has greater thermal energy .
Temperature affects thermal energy, but temperature isnt the same thing as thermal energy. Thats because an objects mass also affects its thermal energy. The examples in Figure 18.1 make this clear. [SEP] an objects mass also affects its thermal energy .
Temperature affects thermal energy, but temperature isnt the same thing as thermal energy. Thats because an objects mass also affects its thermal energy. The examples in Figure 18.1 make this clear. [SEP] affects thermal energy , but temperature isnt the same thing as thermal energy . Thats
In the figure, the particles of cocoa are moving faster than the particles of bathwater. Therefore, the cocoa has a higher temperature. However, the bath water has more thermal energy because there is so much more of it. [SEP] In the figure , the particles of cocoa are moving faster than the particles of bathwater
In the figure, the particles of cocoa are moving faster than the particles of bathwater. Therefore, the cocoa has a higher temperature. However, the bath water has more thermal energy because there is so much more of it. [SEP] the cocoa has a higher temperature .
Therefore, the cocoa has a higher temperature. However, the bath water has more thermal energy because there is so much more of it. It has many more moving particles. [SEP] However , the bath water has more thermal energy because there is
Therefore, the cocoa has a higher temperature. However, the bath water has more thermal energy because there is so much more of it. It has many more moving particles. [SEP] much more of it . It has many more moving particles
You might be surprised to learn that all objects radiate thermal energy, including people. In fact, when a room is full of people, it may feel noticeably warmer because of all the thermal energy the people radiate! To learn more about thermal radiation, watch "Radiation" at the URL below. [SEP] In fact , when a room is full of people , it may feel noticeably warmer
You might be surprised to learn that all objects radiate thermal energy, including people. In fact, when a room is full of people, it may feel noticeably warmer because of all the thermal energy the people radiate! To learn more about thermal radiation, watch "Radiation" at the URL below. [SEP] radiate !
Particles of soup near the bottom of the pot get hot first. They have more energy so they spread out and become less dense. With lower density, these particles rise to the top of the pot (see Figure 18.8). [SEP] They have more energy
Particles of soup near the bottom of the pot get hot first. They have more energy so they spread out and become less dense. With lower density, these particles rise to the top of the pot (see Figure 18.8). [SEP] they spread out and become less dense .
By the time they reach the top of the pot they have cooled off. They have less energy to move apart, so they become denser. With greater density, the particles sink to the bottom of the pot, and the cycle repeats. [SEP] They have less energy to move apart
By the time they reach the top of the pot they have cooled off. They have less energy to move apart, so they become denser. With greater density, the particles sink to the bottom of the pot, and the cycle repeats. [SEP] they become denser .
You can see one way this happens in Figure 18.9. Land heats up and cools off faster than water because it has lower specific heat. Therefore, land is warmer during the day and cooler at night than water. [SEP] it has lower specific heat .
You can see one way this happens in Figure 18.9. Land heats up and cools off faster than water because it has lower specific heat. Therefore, land is warmer during the day and cooler at night than water. [SEP] Land heats up and cools off faster than water
Land heats up and cools off faster than water because it has lower specific heat. Therefore, land is warmer during the day and cooler at night than water. Air close to the surface gains or loses heat as well. [SEP] Land heats up and cools off faster than water because it has lower specific heat
Land heats up and cools off faster than water because it has lower specific heat. Therefore, land is warmer during the day and cooler at night than water. Air close to the surface gains or loses heat as well. [SEP] land is warmer during the day and cooler at night than water .
Air close to the surface gains or loses heat as well. Warm air rises because it is less dense, and when it does, cool air moves in to take its place. This creates a convection current that carries air from the warmer to the cooler area. [SEP] it is less dense
Air close to the surface gains or loses heat as well. Warm air rises because it is less dense, and when it does, cool air moves in to take its place. This creates a convection current that carries air from the warmer to the cooler area. [SEP] and when it does , cool air moves in to take its place .
This creates a convection current that carries air from the warmer to the cooler area. You can learn more about convection currents by watching "Convection" at this URL:  .  [SEP] watching `` Convection '' at this URL
This creates a convection current that carries air from the warmer to the cooler area. You can learn more about convection currents by watching "Convection" at this URL:  .  [SEP] : .
 Particles of gases are farther apart and have fewer collisions, so they are not good at transferring thermal energy. Materials that are poor thermal conductors are called thermal insulators. [SEP] Particles of gases are farther apart and have fewer collisions
 Particles of gases are farther apart and have fewer collisions, so they are not good at transferring thermal energy. Materials that are poor thermal conductors are called thermal insulators. [SEP] they are not good at transferring thermal energy .
The air prevents the transfer of thermal energy into the house on hot days and out of the house on cold days. A puffy down jacket keeps you warm in the winter for the same reason. Its feather filling holds trapped air that prevents energy transfer from your warm body to the cold air outside. [SEP] A puffy down jacket keeps you warm in the winter
The air prevents the transfer of thermal energy into the house on hot days and out of the house on cold days. A puffy down jacket keeps you warm in the winter for the same reason. Its feather filling holds trapped air that prevents energy transfer from your warm body to the cold air outside. [SEP] . Its feather filling holds trapped air that prevents energy transfer from your warm body to the cold air outside
In a refrigerator, for example, thermal energy is transferred from the cool air inside the refrigerator to the warmer air in the kitchen. You read in this chapters "Transfer of Thermal Energy" lesson that thermal energy always moves from a warmer area to a cooler area, so how can it move from the cooler refrigerator to the warmer room? The answer is work. [SEP] You read in this chapters `` Transfer of Thermal Energy '' lesson that thermal energy always moves from a warmer area to a cooler area
In a refrigerator, for example, thermal energy is transferred from the cool air inside the refrigerator to the warmer air in the kitchen. You read in this chapters "Transfer of Thermal Energy" lesson that thermal energy always moves from a warmer area to a cooler area, so how can it move from the cooler refrigerator to the warmer room? The answer is work. [SEP] how can it move from the cooler refrigerator to the warmer
A refrigerant is a substance, such as FreonTM, that has a low boiling point and changes between liquid and gaseous states as it passes through the cooling system. As a liquid, the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas. As a gas, it releases thermal energy to the warm air outside the refrigerator and changes back to a liquid. [SEP] a liquid , the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas .
A refrigerant is a substance, such as FreonTM, that has a low boiling point and changes between liquid and gaseous states as it passes through the cooling system. As a liquid, the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas. As a gas, it releases thermal energy to the warm air outside the refrigerator and changes back to a liquid. [SEP] A refrigerant is a substance , such as FreonTM , that has a low boiling point and changes between liquid and gaseous states as it passes through the cooling system .
As a liquid, the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas. As a gas, it releases thermal energy to the warm air outside the refrigerator and changes back to a liquid.  [SEP] a gas , it releases thermal energy to the warm air outside the refrigerator and changes back to a liquid .
As a liquid, the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas. As a gas, it releases thermal energy to the warm air outside the refrigerator and changes back to a liquid.  [SEP] As a liquid , the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas .
The warm air then circulates throughout the room in convection currents. The hot water cools as it flows through the system and transfers its thermal energy. When it finally returns to the boiler, it is heated again and the cycle repeats. [SEP] it flows through the system and transfers its thermal energy .
The warm air then circulates throughout the room in convection currents. The hot water cools as it flows through the system and transfers its thermal energy. When it finally returns to the boiler, it is heated again and the cycle repeats. [SEP] The hot water cools
The particles of the medium just vibrate, or move back-and- forth or up-and-down in one spot, always returning to their original positions. As the particles vibrate, they pass the energy of the disturbance to the particles next to them, which pass the energy to the particles next to them, and so on.  [SEP] the particles vibrate , they pass the energy of the disturbance to the particles next to them , which pass the energy to the particles next to them , and so on .
The particles of the medium just vibrate, or move back-and- forth or up-and-down in one spot, always returning to their original positions. As the particles vibrate, they pass the energy of the disturbance to the particles next to them, which pass the energy to the particles next to them, and so on.  [SEP] The particles of the medium just vibrate , or move back-and - forth or up-and-down in one spot , always returning to their original positions .
The direction of the wave is down the length of the rope away from the persons hand. The rope itself moves up and down as the wave passes through it. You can see a brief video of a transverse wave in a rope at this URL:  . [SEP] the wave passes through it .
The direction of the wave is down the length of the rope away from the persons hand. The rope itself moves up and down as the wave passes through it. You can see a brief video of a transverse wave in a rope at this URL:  . [SEP] itself moves up and down
 A transverse wave can be characterized by the high and low points reached by particles of the medium as the wave passes through. This is illustrated in Figure 19.3. [SEP] the wave passes through .
 A transverse wave can be characterized by the high and low points reached by particles of the medium as the wave passes through. This is illustrated in Figure 19.3. [SEP] A transverse wave can be characterized by the high and low points reached by particles of the medium
In this wave, the energy is provided by a persons hand pushing and pulling the spring. The coils of the spring first crowd closer together and then spread farther apart as the disturbance passes through them. The direction of the wave is down the length of the spring, or the same direction in which the coils move. [SEP] the disturbance passes through them .
In this wave, the energy is provided by a persons hand pushing and pulling the spring. The coils of the spring first crowd closer together and then spread farther apart as the disturbance passes through them. The direction of the wave is down the length of the spring, or the same direction in which the coils move. [SEP] the spring first crowd closer together and then spread farther apart
 The organizers of the famous Maverick surf contest have voted that the conditions are right for hanging ten this weekend. The monster waves at Mavericks attract big wave surfers from around the world. [SEP] hanging ten this weekend
 The organizers of the famous Maverick surf contest have voted that the conditions are right for hanging ten this weekend. The monster waves at Mavericks attract big wave surfers from around the world. [SEP] The organizers of the famous Maverick surf contest have voted that the conditions are right
The monster waves at Mavericks attract big wave surfers from around the world. But what exactly makes these Half Moon Bay waves so big? For more information on waves, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/scie MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] But what exactly makes these Half Moon Bay waves
The monster waves at Mavericks attract big wave surfers from around the world. But what exactly makes these Half Moon Bay waves so big? For more information on waves, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/scie MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] big ? For more information on waves , see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/scie MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below
The number of waves that pass a fixed point in a given amount of time is wave frequency. Wave frequency can be measured by counting the number of crests or compressions that pass the point in 1 second or other time period. The higher the number is, the greater is the frequency of the wave. [SEP] counting the number of crests or compressions that pass the point in 1 second or other time period
The number of waves that pass a fixed point in a given amount of time is wave frequency. Wave frequency can be measured by counting the number of crests or compressions that pass the point in 1 second or other time period. The higher the number is, the greater is the frequency of the wave. [SEP] Wave frequency can be measured
For example, to generate a higher-frequency wave in a rope, you must move the rope up and down more quickly. This takes more energy, so a higher-frequency wave has more energy than a lower-frequency wave with the same amplitude.  [SEP] This takes more energy
For example, to generate a higher-frequency wave in a rope, you must move the rope up and down more quickly. This takes more energy, so a higher-frequency wave has more energy than a lower-frequency wave with the same amplitude.  [SEP] a higher-frequency wave has more energy than a lower-frequency wave with the same amplitude .
Generally, waves travel fastest through solids and slowest through gases. Thats because particles are closest together in solids and farthest apart in gases. When particles are farther apart, it takes longer for the energy of the disturbance to pass from particle to particle. [SEP] particles are closest together in solids and farthest apart in gases .
Generally, waves travel fastest through solids and slowest through gases. Thats because particles are closest together in solids and farthest apart in gases. When particles are farther apart, it takes longer for the energy of the disturbance to pass from particle to particle. [SEP] , waves travel fastest through solids and slowest through gases . Thats
In this equation, wavelength is measured in meters and frequency is measured in hertz, or number of waves per second. Therefore, wave speed is given in meters per second. The equation for wave speed can be used to calculate the speed of a wave when both wavelength and wave frequency are known. [SEP] , wavelength is measured in meters and frequency is measured in hertz , or number of waves per second
In this equation, wavelength is measured in meters and frequency is measured in hertz, or number of waves per second. Therefore, wave speed is given in meters per second. The equation for wave speed can be used to calculate the speed of a wave when both wavelength and wave frequency are known. [SEP] wave speed is given in meters per second .
You Try It! Problem: Jera made a wave in a spring by pushing and pulling on one end. The wavelength is 0.1 m, and the wave frequency is 0.2 m/s. [SEP] pushing and pulling on one end
You Try It! Problem: Jera made a wave in a spring by pushing and pulling on one end. The wavelength is 0.1 m, and the wave frequency is 0.2 m/s. [SEP] Jera made a wave in a spring
Wavelength Frequency Therefore, if you know the speed of a wave and either the wavelength or wave frequency, you can calculate the missing value. For example, suppose that a wave is traveling at a speed of 2 meters per second and has a wavelength of 1 meter. [SEP] you know the speed of a wave and either the wavelength or wave frequency
Wavelength Frequency Therefore, if you know the speed of a wave and either the wavelength or wave frequency, you can calculate the missing value. For example, suppose that a wave is traveling at a speed of 2 meters per second and has a wavelength of 1 meter. [SEP] you can calculate the missing value .
Figure 19.11 shows these wave measures for both transverse and longitudinal waves. You can also simulate waves with different amplitudes and wavelengths by doing the interactive animation at this URL: http://sci-culture.com/advancedpoll/GCSE/sine%20wave%20simulator.html .  [SEP] doing the interactive animation at this URL : http://sci-culture.com/advancedpoll/GCSE/sine%20wave%20simulator.html
Figure 19.11 shows these wave measures for both transverse and longitudinal waves. You can also simulate waves with different amplitudes and wavelengths by doing the interactive animation at this URL: http://sci-culture.com/advancedpoll/GCSE/sine%20wave%20simulator.html .  [SEP] You can also simulate waves with different amplitudes and wavelengths
This is a wave that appears to be standing still. A standing wave occurs because of a combination of constructive and destructive interference between a wave and its reflected wave. You can see animations of standing waves at the URLs below. [SEP] A standing wave occurs
This is a wave that appears to be standing still. A standing wave occurs because of a combination of constructive and destructive interference between a wave and its reflected wave. You can see animations of standing waves at the URLs below. [SEP] . You can see animations of standing waves at the URLs below
The original wave and the reflected wave interfere to produce a standing wave. Try it yourself and see if the wave appears to stand still.  [SEP] the wave appears to stand still .
The original wave and the reflected wave interfere to produce a standing wave. Try it yourself and see if the wave appears to stand still.  [SEP] it yourself and see
This is illustrated in Figure 19.20. As the waves pass through each other, the crests combine to produce a wave with greater amplitude. You can see an animation of constructive interference at this URL: http://phys23p.sl.psu.edu/phys_anim/waves/em [SEP] the waves pass through each other , the crests combine to produce a wave with greater amplitude .
This is illustrated in Figure 19.20. As the waves pass through each other, the crests combine to produce a wave with greater amplitude. You can see an animation of constructive interference at this URL: http://phys23p.sl.psu.edu/phys_anim/waves/em [SEP] This is illustrated in Figure 19.20 .
This is illustrated in Figure 19.21. As the waves pass through each other, the crests and troughs cancel each other out to produce a wave with less amplitude. You can see an animation of destructive interference at this URL: http://phys23p.sl.psu.ed [SEP] the waves pass through each other , the crests and troughs cancel each other out to produce a wave with less amplitude .
This is illustrated in Figure 19.21. As the waves pass through each other, the crests and troughs cancel each other out to produce a wave with less amplitude. You can see an animation of destructive interference at this URL: http://phys23p.sl.psu.ed [SEP] This is illustrated in Figure 19.21 .
Figure 19.18 shows why this happens. As you can see from the figure, sound waves spread out and travel around obstacles. This is called diffraction. [SEP] you can see from the figure , sound waves spread out and travel around obstacles .
Figure 19.18 shows why this happens. As you can see from the figure, sound waves spread out and travel around obstacles. This is called diffraction. [SEP] Figure 19.18 shows why this happens .
This is illustrated in Figure 19.19. Diffraction is minor if the length of the obstacle or opening is greater than the wavelength. Diffraction is major if the length of the obstacle or opening is less than the wavelength. [SEP] the length of the obstacle or opening is greater than the wavelength .
This is illustrated in Figure 19.19. Diffraction is minor if the length of the obstacle or opening is greater than the wavelength. Diffraction is major if the length of the obstacle or opening is less than the wavelength. [SEP] Diffraction is minor
Diffraction is minor if the length of the obstacle or opening is greater than the wavelength. Diffraction is major if the length of the obstacle or opening is less than the wavelength.  [SEP] the length of the obstacle or opening is less than the wavelength .
Diffraction is minor if the length of the obstacle or opening is greater than the wavelength. Diffraction is major if the length of the obstacle or opening is less than the wavelength.  [SEP] Diffraction is major
Refraction is another way that waves interact with matter. Refraction occurs when waves bend as they enter a new medium at an angle. You can see an example of refraction in Figure 19.17. [SEP] they enter a new medium at an angle .
Refraction is another way that waves interact with matter. Refraction occurs when waves bend as they enter a new medium at an angle. You can see an example of refraction in Figure 19.17. [SEP] Refraction occurs when waves bend
The bending of the light causes the pencil to appear broken. Why do waves bend as they enter a new medium? Waves usually travel at different speeds in different media. [SEP] they enter a new medium ?
The bending of the light causes the pencil to appear broken. Why do waves bend as they enter a new medium? Waves usually travel at different speeds in different media. [SEP] The bending of the light causes the pencil to appear broken . Why do waves bend
 Sound waves are mechanical waves, so they can travel only though matter and not through empty space. This was demonstrated in the 1600s by a scientist named Robert Boyle. [SEP] Sound waves are mechanical waves
 Sound waves are mechanical waves, so they can travel only though matter and not through empty space. This was demonstrated in the 1600s by a scientist named Robert Boyle. [SEP] they can travel only though matter and not through empty space .
The clock was still running, but the ticking could no longer be heard. Thats because the sound couldnt travel away from the clock without air particles to pass the sound energy along. You can see an online demonstration of the same experimentwith a modern twistat this URL:  (4:06). [SEP] the sound couldnt travel away from the clock without air particles to pass the sound energy along .
The clock was still running, but the ticking could no longer be heard. Thats because the sound couldnt travel away from the clock without air particles to pass the sound energy along. You can see an online demonstration of the same experimentwith a modern twistat this URL:  (4:06). [SEP] clock was still running , but the ticking could no longer be heard . Thats
If you swim underwater or even submerge your ears in bathwater any sounds you hear have traveled to your ears through water. You can tell that sounds travel through glass and other solids because you can hear loud outdoor sounds such as sirens through closed windows and doors.  [SEP] you can hear loud outdoor sounds such as sirens through closed windows and doors .
If you swim underwater or even submerge your ears in bathwater any sounds you hear have traveled to your ears through water. You can tell that sounds travel through glass and other solids because you can hear loud outdoor sounds such as sirens through closed windows and doors.  [SEP] You can tell that sounds travel through glass and other solids
 Sound has certain characteristic properties because of the way sound energy travels in waves. Properties of sound include speed, loudness, and pitch. [SEP] Sound has certain characteristic properties
 Sound has certain characteristic properties because of the way sound energy travels in waves. Properties of sound include speed, loudness, and pitch. [SEP] . Properties of sound include speed , loudness , and pitch
Why does a tree make sound when it crashes to the ground? How does the sound reach peoples ears if they happen to be in the forest? And in general, how do sounds get started, and how do they travel? [SEP] they happen to be in the forest ?
Why does a tree make sound when it crashes to the ground? How does the sound reach peoples ears if they happen to be in the forest? And in general, how do sounds get started, and how do they travel? [SEP] the sound reach peoples ears
The sound waves from its siren travel outward in all directions. Because the car is racing forward (toward the right), the sound waves get bunched up in front of the car and spread out behind it. As the car approaches the person on the right (position B), the sound waves get closer and closer together. [SEP] the car is racing forward -LRB- toward the right -RRB-
The sound waves from its siren travel outward in all directions. Because the car is racing forward (toward the right), the sound waves get bunched up in front of the car and spread out behind it. As the car approaches the person on the right (position B), the sound waves get closer and closer together. [SEP] the sound waves get bunched up in front of the car and spread out behind it .
Because the car is racing forward (toward the right), the sound waves get bunched up in front of the car and spread out behind it. As the car approaches the person on the right (position B), the sound waves get closer and closer together. In other words, they have a higher frequency. [SEP] the car approaches the person on the right -LRB- position B -RRB- , the sound waves get closer and closer together .
Because the car is racing forward (toward the right), the sound waves get bunched up in front of the car and spread out behind it. As the car approaches the person on the right (position B), the sound waves get closer and closer together. In other words, they have a higher frequency. [SEP] Because the car is racing forward -LRB- toward the right -RRB- , the sound waves get bunched up in front of the car and spread out behind it .
This makes the siren sound higher in pitch. After the car speeds by the person on the left (position A), the sound waves get more and more spread out, so they have a lower frequency. This makes the siren sound lower in pitch. [SEP] After the car speeds by the person on the left -LRB- position A -RRB- , the sound waves get more and more spread out
This makes the siren sound higher in pitch. After the car speeds by the person on the left (position A), the sound waves get more and more spread out, so they have a lower frequency. This makes the siren sound lower in pitch. [SEP] they have a lower frequency .
Generally, sound waves travel fastest through solids and slowest through gases. Thats because the particles of solids are close together and can quickly pass the energy of vibrations to nearby particles. You can explore the speed of sound in different media at this URL:  Medium (20C) Air Water Wood Glass Aluminum Speed of Sound Waves (m/s) [SEP] the particles of solids are close together and can quickly pass the energy of vibrations to nearby particles .
Generally, sound waves travel fastest through solids and slowest through gases. Thats because the particles of solids are close together and can quickly pass the energy of vibrations to nearby particles. You can explore the speed of sound in different media at this URL:  Medium (20C) Air Water Wood Glass Aluminum Speed of Sound Waves (m/s) [SEP] , sound waves travel fastest through solids and slowest through gases . Thats
Speed of Sound Along with cable cars and seagulls, the Golden Gate Bridge foghorn is one of San Franciscos most iconic sounds. But did you know that if you hear that foghorn off in the distance, you can calculate how many miles you are from the bridge? Using the Speed of Sound exhibit at the Outdoor Exploratorium at Fort Mason, Shawn Lani shows us how sound perception is affected by distance. [SEP] you hear that foghorn off in the distance
Speed of Sound Along with cable cars and seagulls, the Golden Gate Bridge foghorn is one of San Franciscos most iconic sounds. But did you know that if you hear that foghorn off in the distance, you can calculate how many miles you are from the bridge? Using the Speed of Sound exhibit at the Outdoor Exploratorium at Fort Mason, Shawn Lani shows us how sound perception is affected by distance. [SEP] you can calculate how many miles you are from the bridge ?
But did you know that if you hear that foghorn off in the distance, you can calculate how many miles you are from the bridge? Using the Speed of Sound exhibit at the Outdoor Exploratorium at Fort Mason, Shawn Lani shows us how sound perception is affected by distance. For more information on the speed of sound, see http://science.kqed. [SEP] Using the Speed of Sound exhibit at the Outdoor Exploratorium at Fort Mason
But did you know that if you hear that foghorn off in the distance, you can calculate how many miles you are from the bridge? Using the Speed of Sound exhibit at the Outdoor Exploratorium at Fort Mason, Shawn Lani shows us how sound perception is affected by distance. For more information on the speed of sound, see http://science.kqed. [SEP] Shawn Lani shows us how sound perception is affected by distance .
 A friend whispers to you in class in a voice so soft that you have to lean very close to hear what hes saying. Later that day, your friend shouts to you across the football field. [SEP] A friend whispers to you in class in a voice so soft
 A friend whispers to you in class in a voice so soft that you have to lean very close to hear what hes saying. Later that day, your friend shouts to you across the football field. [SEP] you have to lean very close to hear what hes saying .
You can see typical decibel levels of several different sounds in Figure 20.3. As decibel levels get higher, sound waves have greater intensity and sounds are louder. For every 10-decibel increase in the intensity of sound, loudness is 10 times greater. [SEP] decibel levels get higher , sound waves have greater intensity and sounds
You can see typical decibel levels of several different sounds in Figure 20.3. As decibel levels get higher, sound waves have greater intensity and sounds are louder. For every 10-decibel increase in the intensity of sound, loudness is 10 times greater. [SEP] You can see typical decibel levels of several different sounds in Figure 20.3 .
For every 10-decibel increase in the intensity of sound, loudness is 10 times greater. Therefore, a 30-decibel "quiet" room is 10 times louder than a 20-decibel whisper, and a 40- decibel light rainfall is 100 times louder than a 20-decibel whisper. How much louder than a 20-decibel whisper is the 60-decibel sound of a vacuum cleaner? [SEP] For every 10-decibel increase in the intensity of sound , loudness is 10 times greater
For every 10-decibel increase in the intensity of sound, loudness is 10 times greater. Therefore, a 30-decibel "quiet" room is 10 times louder than a 20-decibel whisper, and a 40- decibel light rainfall is 100 times louder than a 20-decibel whisper. How much louder than a 20-decibel whisper is the 60-decibel sound of a vacuum cleaner? [SEP] a 30-decibel `` quiet '' room is 10 times louder than a 20-decibel whisper , and a 40 - decibel light rainfall is 100 times louder than a 20-decibel whisper .
This is illustrated in Figure 20.4. The decrease in intensity with distance from a sound source explains why even loud sounds fade away as you move farther from the source. It also explains why low-amplitude sounds can be heard only over short distances. [SEP] you move farther from the source .
This is illustrated in Figure 20.4. The decrease in intensity with distance from a sound source explains why even loud sounds fade away as you move farther from the source. It also explains why low-amplitude sounds can be heard only over short distances. [SEP] The decrease in intensity with distance from a sound source explains why even loud sounds fade away
But anyone exposed to loud sounds for longer than the permissible exposure time should wear hearing protectors. Many home and yard chores and even recreational activities are loud enough to cause hearing loss if people are exposed to them for very long.  [SEP] people are exposed to them for very long .
But anyone exposed to loud sounds for longer than the permissible exposure time should wear hearing protectors. Many home and yard chores and even recreational activities are loud enough to cause hearing loss if people are exposed to them for very long.  [SEP] Many home and yard chores and even recreational activities are loud enough to cause hearing loss
Hearing loss caused by loud sounds is permanent. However, this type of hearing loss can be prevented by protecting the ears from loud sounds.  [SEP] protecting the ears from loud sounds
Hearing loss caused by loud sounds is permanent. However, this type of hearing loss can be prevented by protecting the ears from loud sounds.  [SEP] However , this type of hearing loss can be prevented
URL:   Most adults experience at least some hearing loss as they get older. The most common cause is exposure to loud sounds, which damage hair cells. [SEP] they get older .
URL:   Most adults experience at least some hearing loss as they get older. The most common cause is exposure to loud sounds, which damage hair cells. [SEP] Most adults experience at least some hearing loss
The cochlea is a shell-like structure that is full of fluid and lined with nerve cells called hair cells. Each hair cell has tiny hair-like projections, as you can see in Figure and this triggers electrical impulses. The electrical impulses travel to the brain through nerves. [SEP] you can see in Figure and this triggers electrical impulses
The cochlea is a shell-like structure that is full of fluid and lined with nerve cells called hair cells. Each hair cell has tiny hair-like projections, as you can see in Figure and this triggers electrical impulses. The electrical impulses travel to the brain through nerves. [SEP] Each hair cell has tiny hair-like projections
The middle ear contains three tiny bones (ossicles) called the hammer, anvil, and stirrup. If you look at these bones in Figure 20.7, you might notice that they resemble the objects for which they are named. The three bones transmit vibrations from the eardrum to the inner ear. [SEP] you look at these bones in Figure 20.7
The middle ear contains three tiny bones (ossicles) called the hammer, anvil, and stirrup. If you look at these bones in Figure 20.7, you might notice that they resemble the objects for which they are named. The three bones transmit vibrations from the eardrum to the inner ear. [SEP] you might notice that they resemble the objects for which they are named .
This changes even the loudest sounds to just a soft hiss. Sounds that people need to hear, such as the voices of co-workers, are not interfered with in this way and may be amplified instead so they can be heard more clearly. This type of hearing protector is recommended for higher noise levels and situations where its important to be able to hear lower-decibel sounds. [SEP] Sounds that people need to hear , such as the voices of co-workers , are not interfered with in this way and may be amplified instead
This changes even the loudest sounds to just a soft hiss. Sounds that people need to hear, such as the voices of co-workers, are not interfered with in this way and may be amplified instead so they can be heard more clearly. This type of hearing protector is recommended for higher noise levels and situations where its important to be able to hear lower-decibel sounds. [SEP] they can be heard more clearly .
It sends out ultrasound waves and detects reflected waves that bounce off underwater objects or the bottom of the water. If you watch the video at the URL below, you can see how sonar is used on a submarine. The distance to underwater objects or the bottom of the water can be calculated from the known speed of sound in water and the time it takes for the waves to travel to the object. [SEP] you watch the video at the URL below
It sends out ultrasound waves and detects reflected waves that bounce off underwater objects or the bottom of the water. If you watch the video at the URL below, you can see how sonar is used on a submarine. The distance to underwater objects or the bottom of the water can be calculated from the known speed of sound in water and the time it takes for the waves to travel to the object. [SEP] you can see how sonar is used on a submarine .
What is the distance from the surface to the bottom of the water? The sound wave travels to the bottom and back in 2 seconds, so it travels from the surface to the bottom in 1 second. Therefore, the distance from the surface to the bottom is: Distance = 1437 [SEP] The sound wave travels to the bottom and back in 2 seconds
What is the distance from the surface to the bottom of the water? The sound wave travels to the bottom and back in 2 seconds, so it travels from the surface to the bottom in 1 second. Therefore, the distance from the surface to the bottom is: Distance = 1437 [SEP] it travels from the surface to the bottom in 1 second .
The sound wave travels to the bottom and back in 2 seconds, so it travels from the surface to the bottom in 1 second. Therefore, the distance from the surface to the bottom is: Distance = 1437 m/s   [SEP] sound wave travels to the bottom and back in 2 seconds , so it travels from the surface to the bottom in 1 second
The sound wave travels to the bottom and back in 2 seconds, so it travels from the surface to the bottom in 1 second. Therefore, the distance from the surface to the bottom is: Distance = 1437 m/s   [SEP] the distance from the surface to the bottom is : Distance = 1437
In this QUEST web extra, Stanford University astrophysicist Todd Hoeksema explains how solar sound waves are a vital ingredient to the science of helioseismology, in which the interior properties of the sun are probed by analyzing and tracking the surface sound waves that bounce into and out of the Sun. For more information on solar sound waves, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/web-extra-music-of-the-sun/ . [SEP] analyzing and tracking the surface sound waves that bounce into and out of the Sun
In this QUEST web extra, Stanford University astrophysicist Todd Hoeksema explains how solar sound waves are a vital ingredient to the science of helioseismology, in which the interior properties of the sun are probed by analyzing and tracking the surface sound waves that bounce into and out of the Sun. For more information on solar sound waves, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/web-extra-music-of-the-sun/ . [SEP] Todd Hoeksema explains how solar sound waves are a vital ingredient to the science of helioseismology , in which the interior properties of the sun are probed
Despite their diversity, however, musical instruments share certain similarities. All musical instruments create sound by causing matter to vibrate. The vibrations start sound waves moving through the air. [SEP] causing matter to vibrate
Despite their diversity, however, musical instruments share certain similarities. All musical instruments create sound by causing matter to vibrate. The vibrations start sound waves moving through the air. [SEP] All musical instruments create sound
You can see the magnetic field of a bar magnet in Figure 21.1. Because of this force field, a magnet can exert force on objects without touching them. They just have to be in its magnetic field. [SEP] You can see the magnetic field of a bar magnet in Figure 21.1
You can see the magnetic field of a bar magnet in Figure 21.1. Because of this force field, a magnet can exert force on objects without touching them. They just have to be in its magnetic field. [SEP] force field , a magnet can exert force on objects without touching them .
Both fields are also at right angles to the direction that the wave travels. Therefore, an electromagnetic wave is a transverse wave.  [SEP] Both fields are also at right angles to the direction that the wave travels
Both fields are also at right angles to the direction that the wave travels. Therefore, an electromagnetic wave is a transverse wave.  [SEP] an electromagnetic wave is a transverse wave .
Waves traveling through a medium lose some energy to the medium. However, when an electromagnetic wave travels through space, no energy is lost, so the wave doesnt get weaker as it travels. However, the energy is "diluted" as it spreads out over an ever-larger area as it travels away from the source. [SEP] , when an electromagnetic wave travels through space , no energy is lost
Waves traveling through a medium lose some energy to the medium. However, when an electromagnetic wave travels through space, no energy is lost, so the wave doesnt get weaker as it travels. However, the energy is "diluted" as it spreads out over an ever-larger area as it travels away from the source. [SEP] the wave doesnt get weaker as it travels .
Waves traveling through a medium lose some energy to the medium. However, when an electromagnetic wave travels through space, no energy is lost, so the wave doesnt get weaker as it travels. However, the energy is "diluted" as it spreads out over an ever-larger area as it travels away from the source. [SEP] it travels .
Waves traveling through a medium lose some energy to the medium. However, when an electromagnetic wave travels through space, no energy is lost, so the wave doesnt get weaker as it travels. However, the energy is "diluted" as it spreads out over an ever-larger area as it travels away from the source. [SEP] the wave doesnt get weaker
However, when an electromagnetic wave travels through space, no energy is lost, so the wave doesnt get weaker as it travels. However, the energy is "diluted" as it spreads out over an ever-larger area as it travels away from the source. This is similar to the way a sound wave spreads out and becomes less intense farther from the sound source. [SEP] it spreads out over an ever-larger area as it travels away from the source .
However, when an electromagnetic wave travels through space, no energy is lost, so the wave doesnt get weaker as it travels. However, the energy is "diluted" as it spreads out over an ever-larger area as it travels away from the source. This is similar to the way a sound wave spreads out and becomes less intense farther from the sound source. [SEP] However , the energy is `` diluted ''
However, when an electromagnetic wave travels through space, no energy is lost, so the wave doesnt get weaker as it travels. However, the energy is "diluted" as it spreads out over an ever-larger area as it travels away from the source. This is similar to the way a sound wave spreads out and becomes less intense farther from the sound source. [SEP] it travels away from the source .
However, when an electromagnetic wave travels through space, no energy is lost, so the wave doesnt get weaker as it travels. However, the energy is "diluted" as it spreads out over an ever-larger area as it travels away from the source. This is similar to the way a sound wave spreads out and becomes less intense farther from the sound source. [SEP] it spreads out over an ever-larger area
most of the time, but sometimes it behaves like particles. As evidence accumulated for this dual nature of electromagnetic radiation, the famous physicist Albert Einstein developed a new theory about electromagnetic radiation, called the wave-particle theory. This theory explains how electromagnetic radiation can behave as both a wave and a particle. [SEP] evidence accumulated for this dual nature of electromagnetic radiation , the famous physicist Albert Einstein developed a new theory about electromagnetic radiation , called the wave-particle theory .
most of the time, but sometimes it behaves like particles. As evidence accumulated for this dual nature of electromagnetic radiation, the famous physicist Albert Einstein developed a new theory about electromagnetic radiation, called the wave-particle theory. This theory explains how electromagnetic radiation can behave as both a wave and a particle. [SEP] but sometimes it behaves like particles .
Nothing else in the universe is known to travel this fast. If you could move that fast, you would be able to travel around Earth 7.5 times in just 1 second! The sun is about 150 million kilometers (93 million miles) from Earth, but it takes electromagnetic radiation only 8 minutes to reach Earth from the sun. [SEP] you could move that fast
Nothing else in the universe is known to travel this fast. If you could move that fast, you would be able to travel around Earth 7.5 times in just 1 second! The sun is about 150 million kilometers (93 million miles) from Earth, but it takes electromagnetic radiation only 8 minutes to reach Earth from the sun. [SEP] you would be able to travel around Earth 7.5 times in just 1 second !
 Wavelength and frequency are defined in the same way for electromagnetic waves as they are for mechanical waves. Both properties are illustrated in Figure 21.5. [SEP] they are for mechanical waves .
 Wavelength and frequency are defined in the same way for electromagnetic waves as they are for mechanical waves. Both properties are illustrated in Figure 21.5. [SEP] Wavelength and frequency are defined in the same way for electromagnetic waves
The speed of a wave is a product of its wavelength and frequency. Because all electromagnetic waves travel at the same speed through space, a wave with a shorter wavelength must have a higher frequency, and vice versa. This relationship is represented by the equation: Speed = Wavelength   [SEP] all electromagnetic waves travel at the same speed through space
The speed of a wave is a product of its wavelength and frequency. Because all electromagnetic waves travel at the same speed through space, a wave with a shorter wavelength must have a higher frequency, and vice versa. This relationship is represented by the equation: Speed = Wavelength   [SEP] a wave with a shorter wavelength must have a higher frequency , and vice versa .
Wavelength Frequency Therefore, if either wavelength or frequency is known, the missing value can be calculated. Consider an electromag- netic wave that has a wavelength of 3 meters. [SEP] either wavelength or frequency is known
Wavelength Frequency Therefore, if either wavelength or frequency is known, the missing value can be calculated. Consider an electromag- netic wave that has a wavelength of 3 meters. [SEP] the missing value can be calculated .
Its speed, like the speed of all electromagnetic waves, is 3.0  108 meters per second. Its frequency can be found by substituting these values into the frequency equation: Frequency = 3.0   108 m [SEP] substituting these values into the frequency equation
Its speed, like the speed of all electromagnetic waves, is 3.0  108 meters per second. Its frequency can be found by substituting these values into the frequency equation: Frequency = 3.0   108 m [SEP] Its frequency can be found
Waves in this middle section of the electromagnetic spectrum are commonly called light. As you will read below, the properties of electromagnetic waves influence how the different waves behave and how they can be used.  [SEP] you will read below , the properties of electromagnetic waves influence how the different waves behave and how they can be used .
Waves in this middle section of the electromagnetic spectrum are commonly called light. As you will read below, the properties of electromagnetic waves influence how the different waves behave and how they can be used.  [SEP] Waves in this middle section of the electromagnetic spectrum are commonly called light .
AM stands for amplitude modulation. In AM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the amplitude of radio waves. AM broadcasts use longerwavelength radio waves than FM broadcasts. [SEP] changing the amplitude of radio waves
AM stands for amplitude modulation. In AM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the amplitude of radio waves. AM broadcasts use longerwavelength radio waves than FM broadcasts. [SEP] In AM broadcasts , sound signals are encoded
AM broadcasts use longerwavelength radio waves than FM broadcasts. Because of their longer wavelengths, AM radio waves reflect off a layer of the upper atmosphere called the ionosphere. You can see how this happens in Figure 21.8. [SEP] AM broadcasts use longerwavelength radio waves than FM broadcasts
AM broadcasts use longerwavelength radio waves than FM broadcasts. Because of their longer wavelengths, AM radio waves reflect off a layer of the upper atmosphere called the ionosphere. You can see how this happens in Figure 21.8. [SEP] , AM radio waves reflect off a layer of the upper atmosphere called the ionosphere .
FM stands for frequency modulation. In FM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the frequency of radio waves. Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually sound clearer than AM broadcasts. [SEP] changing the frequency of radio waves
FM stands for frequency modulation. In FM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the frequency of radio waves. Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually sound clearer than AM broadcasts. [SEP] In FM broadcasts , sound signals are encoded
In FM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the frequency of radio waves. Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually sound clearer than AM broadcasts. However, because of their shorter wavelength, FM waves do not reflect off the ionosphere. [SEP] Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation
In FM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the frequency of radio waves. Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually sound clearer than AM broadcasts. However, because of their shorter wavelength, FM waves do not reflect off the ionosphere. [SEP] FM broadcasts usually sound clearer than AM broadcasts .
Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually sound clearer than AM broadcasts. However, because of their shorter wavelength, FM waves do not reflect off the ionosphere. Instead, they pass right through it and out into space (see Figure 21.8). [SEP] modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation , so FM broadcasts usually sound clearer than AM broadcasts . However
Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually sound clearer than AM broadcasts. However, because of their shorter wavelength, FM waves do not reflect off the ionosphere. Instead, they pass right through it and out into space (see Figure 21.8). [SEP] , FM waves do not reflect off the ionosphere .
Instead, they pass right through it and out into space (see Figure 21.8). As a result, FM waves cannot reach very distant receivers.  [SEP] Instead , they pass right through it and out into space -LRB- see Figure 21.8 -RRB-
Instead, they pass right through it and out into space (see Figure 21.8). As a result, FM waves cannot reach very distant receivers.  [SEP] FM waves can not reach very distant receivers .
Microwaves have more energy than other radio waves. Thats why they are useful for heating food in microwave ovens. Microwaves have other important uses as well, including cell phone transmissions and radar, which is a device for determining the presence and location of an object by measuring the time for the echo of a radio wave to return from it and the direction from which it returns. [SEP] heating food in microwave ovens
Microwaves have more energy than other radio waves. Thats why they are useful for heating food in microwave ovens. Microwaves have other important uses as well, including cell phone transmissions and radar, which is a device for determining the presence and location of an object by measuring the time for the echo of a radio wave to return from it and the direction from which it returns. [SEP] Thats why they are useful
Thats why they are useful for heating food in microwave ovens. Microwaves have other important uses as well, including cell phone transmissions and radar, which is a device for determining the presence and location of an object by measuring the time for the echo of a radio wave to return from it and the direction from which it returns. These uses are described in Figure 21.10. [SEP] determining the presence and location of an object by measuring the time for the echo of a radio wave to return from it and the direction from which it returns
Thats why they are useful for heating food in microwave ovens. Microwaves have other important uses as well, including cell phone transmissions and radar, which is a device for determining the presence and location of an object by measuring the time for the echo of a radio wave to return from it and the direction from which it returns. These uses are described in Figure 21.10. [SEP] Microwaves have other important uses as well , including cell phone transmissions and radar , which is a device
Light includes visible light, infrared light, and ultraviolet light. If you look back at Figure 21.7, you can see where these different types of light waves fall in the electromagnetic spectrum.  [SEP] you look back at Figure 21.7
Light includes visible light, infrared light, and ultraviolet light. If you look back at Figure 21.7, you can see where these different types of light waves fall in the electromagnetic spectrum.  [SEP] you can see where these different types of light waves fall in the electromagnetic spectrum .
Too much X ray exposure may cause cancer. If youve had dental X rays, you may have noticed that a heavy apron was placed over your body to protect it from stray X rays. The apron is made of lead, which X rays cannot pass through. [SEP] youve had dental X rays
Too much X ray exposure may cause cancer. If youve had dental X rays, you may have noticed that a heavy apron was placed over your body to protect it from stray X rays. The apron is made of lead, which X rays cannot pass through. [SEP] you may have noticed that a heavy apron was placed over your body to protect it from stray X rays .
The shortest-wavelength, highest-frequency electromagnetic waves are X rays and gamma rays. These rays have so much energy that they can pass through many materials. This makes them potentially very harmful, but it also makes them useful for certain purposes. [SEP] These rays have so much
The shortest-wavelength, highest-frequency electromagnetic waves are X rays and gamma rays. These rays have so much energy that they can pass through many materials. This makes them potentially very harmful, but it also makes them useful for certain purposes. [SEP] they can pass through many materials .
Humans cant see ultraviolet light, but it is very useful nonetheless. It has higher-frequency waves than visible light, so it has more energy. It can be used to kill bacteria in food and to sterilize laboratory equipment (see Figure 21.12). [SEP] It has higher-frequency waves than visible light
Humans cant see ultraviolet light, but it is very useful nonetheless. It has higher-frequency waves than visible light, so it has more energy. It can be used to kill bacteria in food and to sterilize laboratory equipment (see Figure 21.12). [SEP] it has more energy .
Too much exposure to ultraviolet light can cause sunburn and skin cancer. You can protect your skin from ultraviolet light by wearing clothing that covers your skin and by applying sunscreen to any exposed areas. The SPF, or sun- protection factor, of sunscreen gives a rough idea of how long it protects the skin from sunburn (see Figure 21.13). [SEP] wearing clothing that covers your skin
Too much exposure to ultraviolet light can cause sunburn and skin cancer. You can protect your skin from ultraviolet light by wearing clothing that covers your skin and by applying sunscreen to any exposed areas. The SPF, or sun- protection factor, of sunscreen gives a rough idea of how long it protects the skin from sunburn (see Figure 21.13). [SEP] and by applying sunscreen to any exposed
A sunscreen with a higher SPF protects the skin longer. You should use sunscreen with an SPF of at least 15 even on cloudy days, because ultraviolet light can travel through clouds. Sunscreen should be applied liberally and often. [SEP] ultraviolet light can travel through clouds .
A sunscreen with a higher SPF protects the skin longer. You should use sunscreen with an SPF of at least 15 even on cloudy days, because ultraviolet light can travel through clouds. Sunscreen should be applied liberally and often. [SEP] You should use sunscreen with an SPF of at least 15 even on cloudy days
You can see the spectrum of colors of visible light in Figure 21.11. When all of the wavelengths are combined, as they are in sunlight, visible light appears white. You can learn more about visible light in the chapter "Visible Light" and at the URL below. [SEP] they are in sunlight , visible light appears white .
You can see the spectrum of colors of visible light in Figure 21.11. When all of the wavelengths are combined, as they are in sunlight, visible light appears white. You can learn more about visible light in the chapter "Visible Light" and at the URL below. [SEP] all of the wavelengths are combined
These three colors of light are called primary colors. All other colors of light can be created by combining the primary colors. As you can see in Figure 22.7, when red and green light combine, they form yellow. [SEP] combining the primary colors
These three colors of light are called primary colors. All other colors of light can be created by combining the primary colors. As you can see in Figure 22.7, when red and green light combine, they form yellow. [SEP] All other colors of light can be created
All other colors of light can be created by combining the primary colors. As you can see in Figure 22.7, when red and green light combine, they form yellow. When red and blue light combine, they form magenta, a dark pinkish color, and when blue and green light combine, they form cyan, a bluish green color. [SEP] you can see in Figure 22.7 , when red and green light combine , they form yellow .
All other colors of light can be created by combining the primary colors. As you can see in Figure 22.7, when red and green light combine, they form yellow. When red and blue light combine, they form magenta, a dark pinkish color, and when blue and green light combine, they form cyan, a bluish green color. [SEP] All other colors of light can be created by combining the primary colors .
 Many objects have color because they contain pigments. A pigment is a substance that colors materials by reflecting light of certain wavelengths and absorbing light of other wavelengths. [SEP] they contain pigments .
 Many objects have color because they contain pigments. A pigment is a substance that colors materials by reflecting light of certain wavelengths and absorbing light of other wavelengths. [SEP] Many objects have color
Many objects have color because they contain pigments. A pigment is a substance that colors materials by reflecting light of certain wavelengths and absorbing light of other wavelengths. A very common pigment is chlorophyll, which is found in plants. [SEP] reflecting light of certain wavelengths and absorbing light of other wavelengths
Many objects have color because they contain pigments. A pigment is a substance that colors materials by reflecting light of certain wavelengths and absorbing light of other wavelengths. A very common pigment is chlorophyll, which is found in plants. [SEP] A pigment is a substance that colors materials
This dark green pigment absorbs all but green wavelengths of visible light. It is responsible for capturing the light energy needed for photosynthesis. Pigments are also found in paints, inks, and dyes. [SEP] capturing the light energy needed for photosynthesis
This dark green pigment absorbs all but green wavelengths of visible light. It is responsible for capturing the light energy needed for photosynthesis. Pigments are also found in paints, inks, and dyes. [SEP] It is responsible
 We see an opaque object, such as the apple in Figure 22.6, because it reflects some wavelengths of visible light. The wavelengths that are reflected determine the color that the object appears. [SEP] it reflects some wavelengths of visible light .
 We see an opaque object, such as the apple in Figure 22.6, because it reflects some wavelengths of visible light. The wavelengths that are reflected determine the color that the object appears. [SEP] We see an opaque object , such as the apple in Figure 22.6
The wavelengths that are reflected determine the color that the object appears. For example, the apple in the figure appears red because it reflects red light and absorbs light of other wavelengths. We see a transparent or translucent object, such as the bottle in Figure 22.6, because it transmits light. [SEP] it reflects red light and absorbs light of other wavelengths .
The wavelengths that are reflected determine the color that the object appears. For example, the apple in the figure appears red because it reflects red light and absorbs light of other wavelengths. We see a transparent or translucent object, such as the bottle in Figure 22.6, because it transmits light. [SEP] For example , the apple in the figure appears red
For example, the apple in the figure appears red because it reflects red light and absorbs light of other wavelengths. We see a transparent or translucent object, such as the bottle in Figure 22.6, because it transmits light. The wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears. [SEP] it transmits light .
For example, the apple in the figure appears red because it reflects red light and absorbs light of other wavelengths. We see a transparent or translucent object, such as the bottle in Figure 22.6, because it transmits light. The wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears. [SEP] We see a transparent or translucent object , such as the bottle in Figure 22.6
The wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears. For example, the bottle in the figure appears blue because it transmits blue light. The color of light that strikes an object may also affect the color that the object appears. [SEP] it transmits blue light .
The wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears. For example, the bottle in the figure appears blue because it transmits blue light. The color of light that strikes an object may also affect the color that the object appears. [SEP] For example , the bottle in the figure appears blue
The color of light that strikes an object may also affect the color that the object appears. For example, if only blue light strikes a red apple, the blue light is absorbed and no light is reflected. When no light reflects from an object, it looks black. [SEP] only blue light strikes a red apple
The color of light that strikes an object may also affect the color that the object appears. For example, if only blue light strikes a red apple, the blue light is absorbed and no light is reflected. When no light reflects from an object, it looks black. [SEP] the blue light is absorbed and no light
Examples of transparent matter include air, pure water, and clear glass. You can see clearly through a transparent object, such as the revolving glass doors in the figure, because all the light passes straight through it. Translucent matter is matter that transmits but scatters light. [SEP] all the light passes straight through it .
Examples of transparent matter include air, pure water, and clear glass. You can see clearly through a transparent object, such as the revolving glass doors in the figure, because all the light passes straight through it. Translucent matter is matter that transmits but scatters light. [SEP] You can see clearly through a transparent object , such as the revolving glass doors in the figure
Translucent matter is matter that transmits but scatters light. Light passes through a translucent object but you cannot see clearly through the object because the light is scattered in all directions. The frosted glass doors in the figure are translucent. [SEP] the light is scattered in all directions .
Translucent matter is matter that transmits but scatters light. Light passes through a translucent object but you cannot see clearly through the object because the light is scattered in all directions. The frosted glass doors in the figure are translucent. [SEP] Light passes through a translucent object but you can not see clearly through the object
Opaque matter is matter that does not let any light pass through it. Matter may be opaque because it absorbs light, reflects light, or does both. Examples of opaque objects are solid wooden doors and glass mirrors. [SEP] it absorbs light
Opaque matter is matter that does not let any light pass through it. Matter may be opaque because it absorbs light, reflects light, or does both. Examples of opaque objects are solid wooden doors and glass mirrors. [SEP] reflects light , or does both .
In these and most other artificial light sources, electricity provides the energy and some type of light bulb converts the electrical energy to visible light. How a light bulb produces visible light varies by type of bulb, as you can see in Table 22.1. Incandescent light bulbs, which produce light by incandescence, give off a lot of heat as well as light, so they waste energy. [SEP] you can see in Table 22.1 .
In these and most other artificial light sources, electricity provides the energy and some type of light bulb converts the electrical energy to visible light. How a light bulb produces visible light varies by type of bulb, as you can see in Table 22.1. Incandescent light bulbs, which produce light by incandescence, give off a lot of heat as well as light, so they waste energy. [SEP] a light bulb produces visible light varies by type of bulb
How a light bulb produces visible light varies by type of bulb, as you can see in Table 22.1. Incandescent light bulbs, which produce light by incandescence, give off a lot of heat as well as light, so they waste energy. Other light bulbs produce light by luminescence, so they produce little if any heat. [SEP] Incandescent light bulbs , which produce light by incandescence , give off a lot of heat as well as light
How a light bulb produces visible light varies by type of bulb, as you can see in Table 22.1. Incandescent light bulbs, which produce light by incandescence, give off a lot of heat as well as light, so they waste energy. Other light bulbs produce light by luminescence, so they produce little if any heat. [SEP] they waste energy .
Incandescent light bulbs, which produce light by incandescence, give off a lot of heat as well as light, so they waste energy. Other light bulbs produce light by luminescence, so they produce little if any heat. These light bulbs use energy more efficiently. [SEP] Other light bulbs produce light by luminescence
Incandescent light bulbs, which produce light by incandescence, give off a lot of heat as well as light, so they waste energy. Other light bulbs produce light by luminescence, so they produce little if any heat. These light bulbs use energy more efficiently. [SEP] they produce little if any heat .
This is called transmission of light. As light is transmitted, it may be scattered by particles of matter and spread out in all directions. This is called scattering of light. [SEP] light is transmitted , it may be scattered by particles of matter and spread out in all directions .
This is called transmission of light. As light is transmitted, it may be scattered by particles of matter and spread out in all directions. This is called scattering of light. [SEP] This is called transmission of light .
 The sun and other stars produce light because they are so hot. They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures. [SEP] The sun and other stars produce light because they are
 The sun and other stars produce light because they are so hot. They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures. [SEP] hot . They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures
The sun and other stars produce light because they are so hot. They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures. This way of producing light is called incandescence. [SEP] their extremely high temperatures
The sun and other stars produce light because they are so hot. They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures. This way of producing light is called incandescence. [SEP] They glow with light
A third type of luminescence is called bioluminescence. This is the production of light by living things as a result of chemical reactions. Examples of bioluminescent organisms are pictured in Figure 22.2. [SEP] chemical reactions
A third type of luminescence is called bioluminescence. This is the production of light by living things as a result of chemical reactions. Examples of bioluminescent organisms are pictured in Figure 22.2. [SEP] This is the production of light by living things
Artist Kate Nichols longed to paint with the iridescent colors of butterfly wings, but no such pigments existed. So she became the first artist-in-residence at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory to synthesize nanoparticles and incorporate them into her artwork. From the laboratory to the studio, see how Kate uses the phenomenon known as "structural color" to transform nanotechnology into creativity. [SEP] Artist Kate Nichols longed to paint with the iridescent colors of butterfly wings , but no such pigments existed
Artist Kate Nichols longed to paint with the iridescent colors of butterfly wings, but no such pigments existed. So she became the first artist-in-residence at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory to synthesize nanoparticles and incorporate them into her artwork. From the laboratory to the studio, see how Kate uses the phenomenon known as "structural color" to transform nanotechnology into creativity. [SEP] she became the first artist-in-residence at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory to synthesize nanoparticles and incorporate them into her artwork .
So she became the first artist-in-residence at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory to synthesize nanoparticles and incorporate them into her artwork. From the laboratory to the studio, see how Kate uses the phenomenon known as "structural color" to transform nanotechnology into creativity. For more information on using nanoparticles to create colors, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/science-on-the-spot-color-by-nano-the-art-of-kate-nichols/ . [SEP] `` structural color '' to transform nanotechnology into creativity .
So she became the first artist-in-residence at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory to synthesize nanoparticles and incorporate them into her artwork. From the laboratory to the studio, see how Kate uses the phenomenon known as "structural color" to transform nanotechnology into creativity. For more information on using nanoparticles to create colors, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/science-on-the-spot-color-by-nano-the-art-of-kate-nichols/ . [SEP] the laboratory to the studio , see how Kate uses the phenomenon known
The wavelength of visible light determines the color that the light appears. As you can see in Figure 22.4, light with the longest wavelength appears red, and light with the shortest wavelength appears violet. In between is a continuum of all the other colors of light. [SEP] you can see in Figure 22.4 , light with the longest wavelength appears red , and
The wavelength of visible light determines the color that the light appears. As you can see in Figure 22.4, light with the longest wavelength appears red, and light with the shortest wavelength appears violet. In between is a continuum of all the other colors of light. [SEP] The wavelength of visible light determines the color that the light appears .
You can see how a convex mirror forms an image in Figure 22.14 and in the animation at the URL below. Because of their shape, convex mirrors can gather and reflect light from a wide area. This is why they are used as side mirrors on cars. [SEP] You can see how a convex mirror forms an image in Figure 22.14 and in the animation at the URL below
You can see how a convex mirror forms an image in Figure 22.14 and in the animation at the URL below. Because of their shape, convex mirrors can gather and reflect light from a wide area. This is why they are used as side mirrors on cars. [SEP] , convex mirrors can gather and reflect light from a wide area .
Because of their shape, convex mirrors can gather and reflect light from a wide area. This is why they are used as side mirrors on cars. They give the driver a wider view of the area around the vehicle than a plane mirror would. [SEP] Because of their shape , convex mirrors can gather and reflect light from a wide area
Because of their shape, convex mirrors can gather and reflect light from a wide area. This is why they are used as side mirrors on cars. They give the driver a wider view of the area around the vehicle than a plane mirror would. [SEP] they are used as side mirrors on cars .
For example, light travels more slowly in glass than in air. Therefore, when light passes from air to glass, it slows down. If light strikes a sheet of glass straight on, or perpendicular to the glass, it slows down but passes straight through. [SEP] For example , light travels more slowly in glass than in air
For example, light travels more slowly in glass than in air. Therefore, when light passes from air to glass, it slows down. If light strikes a sheet of glass straight on, or perpendicular to the glass, it slows down but passes straight through. [SEP] when light passes from air to glass , it slows down .
If light strikes a sheet of glass straight on, or perpendicular to the glass, it slows down but passes straight through. However, if light enters the glass at an angle other than 90 , the wave refracts, or bends. This is illustrated in Figure change in speed, the more light bends. [SEP] light enters
If light strikes a sheet of glass straight on, or perpendicular to the glass, it slows down but passes straight through. However, if light enters the glass at an angle other than 90 , the wave refracts, or bends. This is illustrated in Figure change in speed, the more light bends. [SEP] the wave refracts , or bends .
 If a surface is extremely smooth, like very still water, then an image formed by reflection is sharp and clear. This is called regular reflection. [SEP] a surface is extremely smooth
 If a surface is extremely smooth, like very still water, then an image formed by reflection is sharp and clear. This is called regular reflection. [SEP] like very still water , then an image formed by reflection is sharp and clear .
This is called regular reflection. If the surface is even slightly rough, an image may not form, or if there is an image, it is blurry or fuzzy. This is called diffuse reflection. [SEP] there is an image
This is called regular reflection. If the surface is even slightly rough, an image may not form, or if there is an image, it is blurry or fuzzy. This is called diffuse reflection. [SEP] it is blurry or fuzzy .
In Figure 22.10, the waves of light are represented by arrows called rays. Rays that strike the surface are referred to as incident rays, and rays that reflect off the surface are known as reflected rays. In regular reflection, all the rays are reflected in the same direction. [SEP] incident rays , and rays that reflect off the surface are known as reflected
In Figure 22.10, the waves of light are represented by arrows called rays. Rays that strike the surface are referred to as incident rays, and rays that reflect off the surface are known as reflected rays. In regular reflection, all the rays are reflected in the same direction. [SEP] Rays that strike the surface are referred to
In diffuse reflection, in contrast, the rays are reflected in many different directions. This is why diffuse reflection forms, at best, a blurry image.  [SEP] In diffuse reflection , in contrast , the rays are reflected in many different directions
In diffuse reflection, in contrast, the rays are reflected in many different directions. This is why diffuse reflection forms, at best, a blurry image.  [SEP] diffuse reflection forms , at best , a blurry image .
A virtual image appears to be on the other side of the mirror. Of course, reflected rays dont actually go behind a mirror, so a virtual image doesnt really exist. It just appears to exist to the human eye and brain. [SEP] , reflected rays dont actually go behind a mirror
A virtual image appears to be on the other side of the mirror. Of course, reflected rays dont actually go behind a mirror, so a virtual image doesnt really exist. It just appears to exist to the human eye and brain. [SEP] a virtual image doesnt really exist .
A laser is a device that produces a very focused beam of light of just one wavelength and color. Waves of laser light are synchronized so the crests and troughs of the waves line up (see Figure 22.21). Laser light is created in a tube like the one shown in Figure 22.22. [SEP] Waves of laser light are synchronized
A laser is a device that produces a very focused beam of light of just one wavelength and color. Waves of laser light are synchronized so the crests and troughs of the waves line up (see Figure 22.21). Laser light is created in a tube like the one shown in Figure 22.22. [SEP] the crests and troughs of the waves line up -LRB- see Figure 22.21
Sounds or pictures are encoded in pulses of laser light, which are then sent through an optical fiber. All of the light reflects off the inside of the fiber, so none of it escapes. As a result, the signal remains strong even over long distances. [SEP] All of the light reflects off the inside of the fiber
Sounds or pictures are encoded in pulses of laser light, which are then sent through an optical fiber. All of the light reflects off the inside of the fiber, so none of it escapes. As a result, the signal remains strong even over long distances. [SEP] none of it escapes .
All of the light reflects off the inside of the fiber, so none of it escapes. As a result, the signal remains strong even over long distances. More than one signal can travel through an optic fiber at the same time, as you can see in Figure 22.23. [SEP] of the light reflects off the inside of the fiber , so none of it escapes
All of the light reflects off the inside of the fiber, so none of it escapes. As a result, the signal remains strong even over long distances. More than one signal can travel through an optic fiber at the same time, as you can see in Figure 22.23. [SEP] the signal remains strong even over long distances .
As a result, the signal remains strong even over long distances. More than one signal can travel through an optic fiber at the same time, as you can see in Figure 22.23. Optical fibers are used to carry telephone, cable TV, and Internet signals. [SEP] you can see in Figure 22.23 .
As a result, the signal remains strong even over long distances. More than one signal can travel through an optic fiber at the same time, as you can see in Figure 22.23. Optical fibers are used to carry telephone, cable TV, and Internet signals. [SEP] More than one signal can travel through an optic fiber at the same time
Like microscopes, telescopes use convex lenses to make enlarged images. However, telescopes make enlarged images of objectssuch as distant starsthat only appear tiny because they are very far away. There are two basic types of telescopes: reflecting telescopes and refracting telescopes. [SEP] they are very far away .
Like microscopes, telescopes use convex lenses to make enlarged images. However, telescopes make enlarged images of objectssuch as distant starsthat only appear tiny because they are very far away. There are two basic types of telescopes: reflecting telescopes and refracting telescopes. [SEP] However , telescopes make enlarged images of objectssuch as distant starsthat only appear tiny
Like microscopes, telescopes use convex lenses to make enlarged images. However, telescopes make enlarged images of objectssuch as distant starsthat only appear tiny because they are very far away. There are two basic types of telescopes: reflecting telescopes and refracting telescopes. [SEP] distant starsthat only appear tiny
Like microscopes, telescopes use convex lenses to make enlarged images. However, telescopes make enlarged images of objectssuch as distant starsthat only appear tiny because they are very far away. There are two basic types of telescopes: reflecting telescopes and refracting telescopes. [SEP] However , telescopes make enlarged images of objectssuch
Light passes through the lens at the front of the camera and enters the camera through an opening called the aperture. As light passes through the lens, it forms a reduced real image. The image focuses on film (or a sensor) at the back of the camera. [SEP] light passes through the lens , it forms a reduced real image .
Light passes through the lens at the front of the camera and enters the camera through an opening called the aperture. As light passes through the lens, it forms a reduced real image. The image focuses on film (or a sensor) at the back of the camera. [SEP] Light passes through the lens at the front of the camera and enters the camera through an opening called the aperture .
The structure of the human eye is shown in Figure 22.24. Find each structure in the diagram as you read about it below. The cornea is the transparent outer covering of the eye. [SEP] you read about it below .
The structure of the human eye is shown in Figure 22.24. Find each structure in the diagram as you read about it below. The cornea is the transparent outer covering of the eye. [SEP] The structure of the human eye is shown in Figure 22.24 . Find each structure in the diagram
The pupil is an opening in the front of the eye. It looks black because it doesnt reflect any light. It allows light to enter the eye. [SEP] it doesnt reflect any light .
The pupil is an opening in the front of the eye. It looks black because it doesnt reflect any light. It allows light to enter the eye. [SEP] It looks black
The lens is a convex lens that fine-tunes the focus so an image forms on the back of the eye. Tiny muscles control the shape of the lens to focus images of close or distant objects. [SEP] lens is a convex lens that fine-tunes the focus
The lens is a convex lens that fine-tunes the focus so an image forms on the back of the eye. Tiny muscles control the shape of the lens to focus images of close or distant objects. [SEP] an image forms on the back of the eye .
The lens and other structures of the eye work together to focus a real image on the retina. The image is upside-down and reduced in size, as you can see in Figure 22.25. The image reaches the brain as electrical signals that travel through the optic nerve. [SEP] you can see in Figure 22.25 .
The lens and other structures of the eye work together to focus a real image on the retina. The image is upside-down and reduced in size, as you can see in Figure 22.25. The image reaches the brain as electrical signals that travel through the optic nerve. [SEP] The image is upside-down and reduced in size
It also interprets the image as though it were right-side up. The brain does this automatically, so what we see is always right-side up. The brain also tells us what we are seeing. [SEP] The brain does this automatically
It also interprets the image as though it were right-side up. The brain does this automatically, so what we see is always right-side up. The brain also tells us what we are seeing. [SEP] what we see is always right-side up .
Myopia can be corrected with concave lenses. The lenses focus images farther back in the eye, so they are on the retina instead of in front of it. Farsightedness, or hyperopia, is the condition in which distant objects are seen clearly, but nearby objects are blurry. [SEP] The lenses focus images farther back in the eye
Myopia can be corrected with concave lenses. The lenses focus images farther back in the eye, so they are on the retina instead of in front of it. Farsightedness, or hyperopia, is the condition in which distant objects are seen clearly, but nearby objects are blurry. [SEP] they are on the retina instead of in front of it .
Hyperopia can be corrected with convex lenses. The lenses focus images farther forward in the eye, so they are on the retina instead of behind it.  [SEP] The lenses focus images farther forward in the eye
Hyperopia can be corrected with convex lenses. The lenses focus images farther forward in the eye, so they are on the retina instead of behind it.  [SEP] they are on the retina instead of behind it .
 Magnetism is due to the movement of electrons within atoms of matter. When electrons spin around the nucleus of an atom, it causes the atom to become a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. [SEP] the movement of electrons within atoms of matter
 Magnetism is due to the movement of electrons within atoms of matter. When electrons spin around the nucleus of an atom, it causes the atom to become a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. [SEP] Magnetism
In most materials, the electrons orbiting the nuclei of the atoms are arranged in such a way that the materials have no magnetic properties. Also, in most types of matter, the north and south poles of atoms point in all different directions, so overall the matter is not magnetic. Examples of nonmagnetic materials include wood, glass, plastic, paper, copper, and aluminum. [SEP] , in most types of matter , the north and south poles of atoms point in all different directions
In most materials, the electrons orbiting the nuclei of the atoms are arranged in such a way that the materials have no magnetic properties. Also, in most types of matter, the north and south poles of atoms point in all different directions, so overall the matter is not magnetic. Examples of nonmagnetic materials include wood, glass, plastic, paper, copper, and aluminum. [SEP] overall the matter is not magnetic .
These areas are called magnetic domains. Generally, the magnetic domains point in different directions, so the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized by placing it in a magnetic field. [SEP] Generally , the magnetic domains point in different directions
These areas are called magnetic domains. Generally, the magnetic domains point in different directions, so the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized by placing it in a magnetic field. [SEP] the material is still not magnetic .
Generally, the magnetic domains point in different directions, so the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized by placing it in a magnetic field. When this happens, all the magnetic domains become aligned, and the material becomes a magnet. [SEP] placing it in a magnetic field
Generally, the magnetic domains point in different directions, so the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized by placing it in a magnetic field. When this happens, all the magnetic domains become aligned, and the material becomes a magnet. [SEP] However , the material can be magnetized
Both are demonstrated in Figure 24.7. If you bring a bar magnet close to pile of paper clips, the paper clips will become temporarily magnetized, as all their magnetic domains align. As a result, the paper clips will stick to the magnet and also to each other. [SEP] you bring a bar magnet close to pile of paper clips
Both are demonstrated in Figure 24.7. If you bring a bar magnet close to pile of paper clips, the paper clips will become temporarily magnetized, as all their magnetic domains align. As a result, the paper clips will stick to the magnet and also to each other. [SEP] the paper clips will become temporarily magnetized , as all their magnetic domains align .
If you bring a bar magnet close to pile of paper clips, the paper clips will become temporarily magnetized, as all their magnetic domains align. As a result, the paper clips will stick to the magnet and also to each other. However, if you remove the paper clips from the bar magnets magnetic field, their magnetic domains will no longer align. [SEP] If you bring a bar magnet close to pile of paper clips , the paper clips will become temporarily magnetized , as all their magnetic domains align
If you bring a bar magnet close to pile of paper clips, the paper clips will become temporarily magnetized, as all their magnetic domains align. As a result, the paper clips will stick to the magnet and also to each other. However, if you remove the paper clips from the bar magnets magnetic field, their magnetic domains will no longer align. [SEP] the paper clips will stick to the magnet and also to each other .
However, if you remove the paper clips from the bar magnets magnetic field, their magnetic domains will no longer align. As a result, the paper clips will no longer be magnetized or stick together. If you stroke an iron nail with a bar magnet, the nail will become a permanent (or at least long-lasting) magnet. [SEP] However , if you remove the paper clips from the bar magnets magnetic field , their magnetic domains will no longer align
However, if you remove the paper clips from the bar magnets magnetic field, their magnetic domains will no longer align. As a result, the paper clips will no longer be magnetized or stick together. If you stroke an iron nail with a bar magnet, the nail will become a permanent (or at least long-lasting) magnet. [SEP] the paper clips will no longer be magnetized or stick together .
As a result, the paper clips will no longer be magnetized or stick together. If you stroke an iron nail with a bar magnet, the nail will become a permanent (or at least long-lasting) magnet. Its magnetic domains will remain aligned even after you remove it from the magnetic field of the bar magnet. [SEP] you stroke an iron nail with a bar magnet
As a result, the paper clips will no longer be magnetized or stick together. If you stroke an iron nail with a bar magnet, the nail will become a permanent (or at least long-lasting) magnet. Its magnetic domains will remain aligned even after you remove it from the magnetic field of the bar magnet. [SEP] the nail will become a permanent -LRB- or at least long-lasting -RRB- magnet .
Its magnetic domains will remain aligned even after you remove it from the magnetic field of the bar magnet. Permanent magnets can be demagnetized, however, if they are dropped or heated to high temperatures. These actions move the magnetic domains out of alignment. [SEP] they are dropped or heated to high temperatures .
Its magnetic domains will remain aligned even after you remove it from the magnetic field of the bar magnet. Permanent magnets can be demagnetized, however, if they are dropped or heated to high temperatures. These actions move the magnetic domains out of alignment. [SEP] Permanent magnets can be demagnetized , however ,
The poles are regions where the magnet is strongest. The poles are called north and south because they always line up with Earths north-south axis if the magnet is allowed to move freely. (Earths axis is the imaginary line around which the planet rotates.) [SEP] they always line up with Earths north-south axis if the magnet is allowed to move freely .
The poles are regions where the magnet is strongest. The poles are called north and south because they always line up with Earths north-south axis if the magnet is allowed to move freely. (Earths axis is the imaginary line around which the planet rotates.) [SEP] The poles are called north and south
The poles are regions where the magnet is strongest. The poles are called north and south because they always line up with Earths north-south axis if the magnet is allowed to move freely. (Earths axis is the imaginary line around which the planet rotates.) [SEP] the magnet is allowed to move freely .
The poles are regions where the magnet is strongest. The poles are called north and south because they always line up with Earths north-south axis if the magnet is allowed to move freely. (Earths axis is the imaginary line around which the planet rotates.) [SEP] they always line up with Earths north-south axis
(Earths axis is the imaginary line around which the planet rotates.) What do you suppose would happen if you cut the bar magnet in Figure 24.2 in half along the line between the north and south poles? Both halves would also have north and south poles. [SEP] you cut the bar magnet in Figure 24.2 in half along the line between the north and south poles ?
(Earths axis is the imaginary line around which the planet rotates.) What do you suppose would happen if you cut the bar magnet in Figure 24.2 in half along the line between the north and south poles? Both halves would also have north and south poles. [SEP] you suppose would happen
Both halves would also have north and south poles. If you cut each of the halves in half, all those pieces would have north and south poles as well. Pieces of a magnet always have both north and south poles [SEP] you cut each of the halves in half
Both halves would also have north and south poles. If you cut each of the halves in half, all those pieces would have north and south poles as well. Pieces of a magnet always have both north and south poles [SEP] all those pieces would have north and south poles as well .
At the center of the ridge, hot magma pushes up through the crust and hardens into rock. Once the magma hardens, the alignment of magnetic domains in the rock is frozen in place forever. The newly hardened rock is then gradually pushed away from the ridge in both directions as more magma erupts and newer rock forms. [SEP] the magma hardens
At the center of the ridge, hot magma pushes up through the crust and hardens into rock. Once the magma hardens, the alignment of magnetic domains in the rock is frozen in place forever. The newly hardened rock is then gradually pushed away from the ridge in both directions as more magma erupts and newer rock forms. [SEP] the alignment of magnetic domains in the rock is frozen in place forever .
A compass pointer has north and south poles, and its north pole points to Earths magnetic north pole. Why does this happen if opposite poles attract? Why doesnt the compass needle point south instead? [SEP] opposite poles attract ?
A compass pointer has north and south poles, and its north pole points to Earths magnetic north pole. Why does this happen if opposite poles attract? Why doesnt the compass needle point south instead? [SEP] this happen
Its called the magnetic north pole to avoid confusion. Because its close to the geographic north pole, it would be confusing to call it the magnetic south pole.  [SEP] its close to the geographic
Its called the magnetic north pole to avoid confusion. Because its close to the geographic north pole, it would be confusing to call it the magnetic south pole.  [SEP] it would be confusing to call it the magnetic south pole .
Each element has a unique set of properties that make it different from all other elements. As a result, elements can be identified by their properties. For example, the elements iron and nickel are both metals that are good conductors of heat and electricity. [SEP] Each element has a unique set of properties that make it different from all other elements
Each element has a unique set of properties that make it different from all other elements. As a result, elements can be identified by their properties. For example, the elements iron and nickel are both metals that are good conductors of heat and electricity. [SEP] elements can be identified by their properties .
There are millions of different substances in the world. Thats because elements can combine in many different ways to form new substances. In fact, most elements are found in compounds. [SEP] elements can combine in many different ways to form new substances .
There are millions of different substances in the world. Thats because elements can combine in many different ways to form new substances. In fact, most elements are found in compounds. [SEP] are millions of different substances in the world . Thats
It also has the same composition throughout. You can learn more about compounds and how they form by watching this video: MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] watching this video
It also has the same composition throughout. You can learn more about compounds and how they form by watching this video: MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] You can learn more about compounds and how they form
The particles of a solution are too small to reflect light. As a result, you cannot see them. Thats why salt water looks the same as pure water. [SEP] The particles of a solution are too small to reflect light
The particles of a solution are too small to reflect light. As a result, you cannot see them. Thats why salt water looks the same as pure water. [SEP] you can not see them .
An example is muddy water. The particles of a suspension are big enough to reflect light, so you can see them. They are also big enough to settle or be filtered out. [SEP] The particles of a suspension are big enough to reflect light
An example is muddy water. The particles of a suspension are big enough to reflect light, so you can see them. They are also big enough to settle or be filtered out. [SEP] you can see them .
Examples include homogenized milk and gelatin. The particles of a colloid are large enough to reflect light, so you can see them. But they are too small to settle or filter out of the mixture. [SEP] The particles of a colloid are large enough to reflect light
Examples include homogenized milk and gelatin. The particles of a colloid are large enough to reflect light, so you can see them. But they are too small to settle or filter out of the mixture. [SEP] you can see them .
Some mixtures are homogeneous. This means they have the same composition throughout. An example is salt water in the ocean. [SEP] Some mixtures are homogeneous
Some mixtures are homogeneous. This means they have the same composition throughout. An example is salt water in the ocean. [SEP] they
Some mixtures are heterogeneous. This means they vary in their composition. An example is trail mix. [SEP] Some mixtures are heterogeneous
Some mixtures are heterogeneous. This means they vary in their composition. An example is trail mix. [SEP] they
The substances in a mixture may be elements or compounds. The substances dont combine chemically to form a new substance, as they do in a compound. Instead, they keep their original properties and just intermix. [SEP] they do in a compound .
The substances in a mixture may be elements or compounds. The substances dont combine chemically to form a new substance, as they do in a compound. Instead, they keep their original properties and just intermix. [SEP] The substances dont combine chemically to form a new substance
The components of a mixture keep their own identity when they combine. Therefore, they usually can be easily separated again. Their different physical properties are used to separate them. [SEP] The components of a mixture keep their own identity when they combine
The components of a mixture keep their own identity when they combine. Therefore, they usually can be easily separated again. Their different physical properties are used to separate them. [SEP] they usually can be easily separated again .
Their different physical properties are used to separate them. For example, oil is less dense than water, so a mixture of oil and water can be separated by letting it stand until the oil floats to the top. Other ways of separating mixtures are shown in Figure 3.14 and in the videos below.   [SEP] , oil is less dense than water
Their different physical properties are used to separate them. For example, oil is less dense than water, so a mixture of oil and water can be separated by letting it stand until the oil floats to the top. Other ways of separating mixtures are shown in Figure 3.14 and in the videos below.   [SEP] a mixture of oil and water can be separated by letting it stand until the oil floats to the top .
Their different physical properties are used to separate them. For example, oil is less dense than water, so a mixture of oil and water can be separated by letting it stand until the oil floats to the top. Other ways of separating mixtures are shown in Figure 3.14 and in the videos below.   [SEP] letting it stand until the oil floats to the top
Their different physical properties are used to separate them. For example, oil is less dense than water, so a mixture of oil and water can be separated by letting it stand until the oil floats to the top. Other ways of separating mixtures are shown in Figure 3.14 and in the videos below.   [SEP] a mixture of oil and water can be separated
Ions have a positive or negative charge. Thats because they do not have the same number of electrons as protons. If atoms lose electrons, they become positive ions, or cations. [SEP] they do not have the same number of electrons as protons .
Ions have a positive or negative charge. Thats because they do not have the same number of electrons as protons. If atoms lose electrons, they become positive ions, or cations. [SEP] Ions have a positive or negative charge . Thats
Thats because they do not have the same number of electrons as protons. If atoms lose electrons, they become positive ions, or cations. If atoms gain electrons, they become negative ions, or anions. [SEP] atoms lose electrons
Thats because they do not have the same number of electrons as protons. If atoms lose electrons, they become positive ions, or cations. If atoms gain electrons, they become negative ions, or anions. [SEP] they become positive ions , or cations .
Consider the example of fluorine in Figure 5.5. A fluorine atom has nine protons and nine electrons, so it is electrically neutral. If a fluorine atom gains an electron, it becomes a fluoride ion with a negative charge of minus one. [SEP] A fluorine atom has nine protons and nine electrons
Consider the example of fluorine in Figure 5.5. A fluorine atom has nine protons and nine electrons, so it is electrically neutral. If a fluorine atom gains an electron, it becomes a fluoride ion with a negative charge of minus one. [SEP] it is electrically neutral .
Different isotopes of an element generally have the same chemical properties. Thats because they have the same numbers of protons and electrons. For a video explanation of isotopes, go to this URL:   [SEP] they have the same numbers of protons and electrons .
Different isotopes of an element generally have the same chemical properties. Thats because they have the same numbers of protons and electrons. For a video explanation of isotopes, go to this URL:   [SEP] Different isotopes of an element generally have the same chemical properties . Thats
 Hydrogen is a good example of isotopes because it has the simplest atoms. Three isotopes of hydrogen are modeled in Figure 5.6. [SEP] it has the simplest atoms .
 Hydrogen is a good example of isotopes because it has the simplest atoms. Three isotopes of hydrogen are modeled in Figure 5.6. [SEP] Hydrogen is a good example of isotopes
For most other elements, isotopes are named for their mass number. For example, carbon atoms with the usual 6 neutrons have a mass number of 12 (6 protons + 6 neutrons = 12), so they are called carbon-12. Carbon atoms with 7 neutrons have an atomic mass of 13 (6 protons + 7 neutrons = 13). [SEP] , carbon atoms with the usual 6 neutrons have a mass number of 12 -LRB- 6 protons + 6 neutrons = 12 -RRB-
For most other elements, isotopes are named for their mass number. For example, carbon atoms with the usual 6 neutrons have a mass number of 12 (6 protons + 6 neutrons = 12), so they are called carbon-12. Carbon atoms with 7 neutrons have an atomic mass of 13 (6 protons + 7 neutrons = 13). [SEP] they are called carbon-12 .
It might seem strange that quarks are never found alone but only as components of other particles. This is because the quarks are held together by very strange particles called gluons.  [SEP] the quarks are held together by very strange particles called gluons .
It might seem strange that quarks are never found alone but only as components of other particles. This is because the quarks are held together by very strange particles called gluons.  [SEP] It might seem strange that quarks are never found alone but only as components of other particles
Each neutron also has a mass of 1 amu. Therefore, the sum of the protons and neutrons in an atom is about equal to the atoms total mass in atomic mass units. Two numbers are commonly used to distinguish atoms: atomic number and mass number. [SEP] Each neutron also has a mass of 1 amu
Each neutron also has a mass of 1 amu. Therefore, the sum of the protons and neutrons in an atom is about equal to the atoms total mass in atomic mass units. Two numbers are commonly used to distinguish atoms: atomic number and mass number. [SEP] the sum of the protons and neutrons in an atom is about equal to the atoms total mass in atomic mass units .
The mass number is the number of protons plus the number of neutrons in an atom. For example, most atoms of helium have 2 neutrons, so their mass number is 2 + 2 = 4. This mass number means that an atom of helium has a mass of about 4 amu. [SEP] For example , most atoms of helium have 2 neutrons
The mass number is the number of protons plus the number of neutrons in an atom. For example, most atoms of helium have 2 neutrons, so their mass number is 2 + 2 = 4. This mass number means that an atom of helium has a mass of about 4 amu. [SEP] their mass number is 2 + 2 = 4 .
They push apart, or repel, each other. So why doesnt the nucleus fly apart? The reason is a force of attraction between protons and neutrons called the strong force. [SEP] They push apart , or repel , each other
They push apart, or repel, each other. So why doesnt the nucleus fly apart? The reason is a force of attraction between protons and neutrons called the strong force. [SEP] why doesnt the nucleus fly apart ?
So why doesnt the nucleus fly apart? The reason is a force of attraction between protons and neutrons called the strong force. The name of the strong force suits it. [SEP] a force of attraction between protons and neutrons called the strong force
So why doesnt the nucleus fly apart? The reason is a force of attraction between protons and neutrons called the strong force. The name of the strong force suits it. [SEP] So why doesnt the nucleus fly apart ?
However, the strong force affects only nearby particles (see Figure 5.3). It is not effective if the nucleus gets too big. This puts an upper limit on the number of protons an atom can have and remain stable. [SEP] the nucleus gets too big .
However, the strong force affects only nearby particles (see Figure 5.3). It is not effective if the nucleus gets too big. This puts an upper limit on the number of protons an atom can have and remain stable. [SEP] It is not effective
Atoms have the same number of electrons as protons. As a result, the negative and positive charges "cancel out. " [SEP] Atoms have the same number of electrons as protons
Atoms have the same number of electrons as protons. As a result, the negative and positive charges "cancel out. " [SEP] the negative and positive charges `` cancel out .
Atoms of each type of element have a characteristic number of protons. For example, each atom of carbon has six protons, as you can see in Figure  [SEP] you can see in Figure
Atoms of each type of element have a characteristic number of protons. For example, each atom of carbon has six protons, as you can see in Figure  [SEP] For example , each atom of carbon has six protons
The model in Figure 5.1 is not to scale. If an atom were the size of a football stadium, the nucleus would be only about the size of a pea. The nucleus, in turn, consists of two types of particles, called protons and neutrons. [SEP] an atom were the size of a football stadium
The model in Figure 5.1 is not to scale. If an atom were the size of a football stadium, the nucleus would be only about the size of a pea. The nucleus, in turn, consists of two types of particles, called protons and neutrons. [SEP] the nucleus would be only about the size of a pea .
To understand how gluons work, imagine holding a rubber band between your fingers. If you try to move your hands apart, they will be pulled back together by the rubber band. The farther apart you move your hands, the stronger the force of the rubber band pulling your hands together. [SEP] you try to move your hands apart
To understand how gluons work, imagine holding a rubber band between your fingers. If you try to move your hands apart, they will be pulled back together by the rubber band. The farther apart you move your hands, the stronger the force of the rubber band pulling your hands together. [SEP] they will be pulled back together by the rubber band .
Gluons work the same way on quarks inside protons and neutrons (and other, really rare particles too). If you were to move your hands apart with enough force, the rubber band holding them together would break. The same is true of quarks. [SEP] you were to move your hands apart with enough force
Gluons work the same way on quarks inside protons and neutrons (and other, really rare particles too). If you were to move your hands apart with enough force, the rubber band holding them together would break. The same is true of quarks. [SEP] the rubber band holding them together would break .
The same is true of quarks. If they are given enough energy, they pull apart with enough force to "break" the binding from the gluons. However, all the energy that is put into a particle to make this possible is then used to create a new set of quarks and gluons. [SEP] they are given enough energy
The same is true of quarks. If they are given enough energy, they pull apart with enough force to "break" the binding from the gluons. However, all the energy that is put into a particle to make this possible is then used to create a new set of quarks and gluons. [SEP] they pull apart with enough force to `` break '' the binding from the gluons .
However, all the energy that is put into a particle to make this possible is then used to create a new set of quarks and gluons. And so a new proton or neutron appears.  [SEP] However , all the energy that is put into a particle to make this possible is then used to create a new set of quarks and gluons
However, all the energy that is put into a particle to make this possible is then used to create a new set of quarks and gluons. And so a new proton or neutron appears.  [SEP] a new proton or neutron appears .
 QUEST journeys back to find out how physicists on the UC Berkeley campus in the 1930s, and at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center in the 1970s, created "atom smashers" that led to key discoveries about the tiny constituents of the atom and paved the way for the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland. For more information on particle accelerators, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/homegrown-particle-accelerators/ . [SEP] QUEST journeys back to find out how physicists on the UC Berkeley campus in the 1930s , and at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center in the 1970s , created `` atom smashers ''
 QUEST journeys back to find out how physicists on the UC Berkeley campus in the 1930s, and at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center in the 1970s, created "atom smashers" that led to key discoveries about the tiny constituents of the atom and paved the way for the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland. For more information on particle accelerators, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/homegrown-particle-accelerators/ . [SEP] key discoveries about the tiny constituents of the atom
The existence of quarks was first proposed in the 1960s. Since then, scientists have done experiments to show that quarks really do exist. In fact, they have identified six different types of quarks. [SEP] then , scientists have done experiments to show that quarks really do exist .
The existence of quarks was first proposed in the 1960s. Since then, scientists have done experiments to show that quarks really do exist. In fact, they have identified six different types of quarks. [SEP] The existence of quarks was first proposed in the 1960s .
They are very difficult and expensive to study. If you want to learn more about them, including how they are studied, the URL below is a good place to start.  [SEP] you want to learn more about them
They are very difficult and expensive to study. If you want to learn more about them, including how they are studied, the URL below is a good place to start.  [SEP] including how they are studied , the URL below is a good place to start .
On the other hand, different compounds always consist of different elements or ratios. This can happen, Dalton reasoned, only if elements are made of tiny particles that can combine in an endless variety of ways. From his research, Dalton developed a theory of the atom. [SEP] elements are made of tiny particles that can combine in an endless variety of ways .
On the other hand, different compounds always consist of different elements or ratios. This can happen, Dalton reasoned, only if elements are made of tiny particles that can combine in an endless variety of ways. From his research, Dalton developed a theory of the atom. [SEP] This can happen , Dalton reasoned , only
From his research, Dalton developed a theory of the atom. You can learn more about Dalton and his research by watching the video at this URL:  (9:03). MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] watching the video at this URL
From his research, Dalton developed a theory of the atom. You can learn more about Dalton and his research by watching the video at this URL:  (9:03). MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] You can learn more about Dalton and his research
The sketch in the Figure 5.9 shows how Daltons model atoms looked. He made holes in the balls so they could be joined together with hooks. In this way, the balls could be used to model compounds. [SEP] He made holes in the balls
The sketch in the Figure 5.9 shows how Daltons model atoms looked. He made holes in the balls so they could be joined together with hooks. In this way, the balls could be used to model compounds. [SEP] they could be joined together with hooks .
Thomsons experiments also showed that the negative particles are all alike and smaller than atoms. Thomson concluded that the negative particles couldnt be fundamental units of matter because they are all alike. Instead, they must be parts of atoms. [SEP] they are all alike .
Thomsons experiments also showed that the negative particles are all alike and smaller than atoms. Thomson concluded that the negative particles couldnt be fundamental units of matter because they are all alike. Instead, they must be parts of atoms. [SEP] Thomson concluded that the negative particles couldnt be fundamental units of matter
Thomson knew that atoms are neutral in electric charge. So how could atoms contain negative particles? Thomson thought that the rest of the atom must be positive to cancel out the negative charge. [SEP] Thomson knew that atoms are neutral in electric charge
Thomson knew that atoms are neutral in electric charge. So how could atoms contain negative particles? Thomson thought that the rest of the atom must be positive to cancel out the negative charge. [SEP] how could atoms contain negative
 Based on his results, Rutherford concluded that all the positive charge of an atom is concentrated in a small central area. He called this area the nucleus. [SEP] his results
 Based on his results, Rutherford concluded that all the positive charge of an atom is concentrated in a small central area. He called this area the nucleus. [SEP] Rutherford concluded that all the positive charge of an atom is concentrated in a small central area .
The history of the atom begins around 450 B.C. with a Greek philosopher named Democritus (see Figure 5.7). Democritus wondered what would happen if you cut a piece of matter, such as an apple, into smaller and smaller pieces. He thought that a point would be reached where matter could not be cut into still smaller pieces. [SEP] you cut a piece of matter , such as an apple , into smaller and smaller pieces .
The history of the atom begins around 450 B.C. with a Greek philosopher named Democritus (see Figure 5.7). Democritus wondered what would happen if you cut a piece of matter, such as an apple, into smaller and smaller pieces. He thought that a point would be reached where matter could not be cut into still smaller pieces. [SEP] Democritus wondered what would happen
Outside the foil, he placed a screen of material that glowed when alpha particles struck it. If Thomsons plum pudding model were correct, the alpha particles should be deflected a little as they passed through the foil. Why? [SEP] they passed through the foil .
Outside the foil, he placed a screen of material that glowed when alpha particles struck it. If Thomsons plum pudding model were correct, the alpha particles should be deflected a little as they passed through the foil. Why? [SEP] If Thomsons plum pudding model were correct , the alpha particles should be deflected a little
Outside the foil, he placed a screen of material that glowed when alpha particles struck it. If Thomsons plum pudding model were correct, the alpha particles should be deflected a little as they passed through the foil. Why? [SEP] Thomsons plum pudding model were correct
Outside the foil, he placed a screen of material that glowed when alpha particles struck it. If Thomsons plum pudding model were correct, the alpha particles should be deflected a little as they passed through the foil. Why? [SEP] the alpha particles should be deflected a little
The level with the least energy is the one closest to the nucleus. As you go farther from the nucleus, the levels have more and more energy. Electrons can jump from one energy level to another. [SEP] you go farther from the nucleus , the levels have more and more energy .
The level with the least energy is the one closest to the nucleus. As you go farther from the nucleus, the levels have more and more energy. Electrons can jump from one energy level to another. [SEP] The level with the least energy is the one closest to the nucleus .
Electrons can jump from one energy level to another. If an atom absorbs energy, some of its electrons can jump to a higher energy level. If electrons jump to a lower energy level, the atom emits, or gives off, energy. [SEP] an atom absorbs energy
Electrons can jump from one energy level to another. If an atom absorbs energy, some of its electrons can jump to a higher energy level. If electrons jump to a lower energy level, the atom emits, or gives off, energy. [SEP] some of its electrons can jump to a higher energy level .
If an atom absorbs energy, some of its electrons can jump to a higher energy level. If electrons jump to a lower energy level, the atom emits, or gives off, energy. You can see an animation at this happening at the URL below. [SEP] electrons jump to a lower energy level
If an atom absorbs energy, some of its electrons can jump to a higher energy level. If electrons jump to a lower energy level, the atom emits, or gives off, energy. You can see an animation at this happening at the URL below. [SEP] the atom emits , or gives off , energy .
When the electrons move back to their original energy level, they give off the energy as light. Different chemicals have different arrangements of electrons, so they give off light of different colors. This explains the blue- and purple- colored fireworks in Figure 5.16. [SEP] Different chemicals have different arrangements of electrons
When the electrons move back to their original energy level, they give off the energy as light. Different chemicals have different arrangements of electrons, so they give off light of different colors. This explains the blue- and purple- colored fireworks in Figure 5.16. [SEP] they give off light of different colors .
Different energy levels in the cloud have different numbers of orbitals. Therefore, different energy levels have different maximum numbers of electrons. Table 5.1 lists the number of orbitals and electrons for the first four energy levels. [SEP] Different energy levels in the cloud have different numbers of orbitals
Different energy levels in the cloud have different numbers of orbitals. Therefore, different energy levels have different maximum numbers of electrons. Table 5.1 lists the number of orbitals and electrons for the first four energy levels. [SEP] different energy levels have different maximum numbers of electrons .
Energy levels farther from the nucleus have more orbitals. Therefore, these levels can hold more electrons. Energy Level Number of Orbitals 1 2 3 4 1 4 9 16 Max. [SEP] Energy levels farther from the nucleus have more orbitals
Energy levels farther from the nucleus have more orbitals. Therefore, these levels can hold more electrons. Energy Level Number of Orbitals 1 2 3 4 1 4 9 16 Max. [SEP] these levels can hold more electrons .
They could only describe where electrons are with mathematical formulas. Thats because electrons have wave-like properties as well as properties of particles of matter. It is the "wave nature" of electrons that lets them exist only at certain distances from the nucleus. [SEP] electrons have wave-like properties
They could only describe where electrons are with mathematical formulas. Thats because electrons have wave-like properties as well as properties of particles of matter. It is the "wave nature" of electrons that lets them exist only at certain distances from the nucleus. [SEP] could only describe where electrons are with mathematical formulas . Thats
The negative electrons are attracted to the positive nucleus. However, because the electrons behave like waves, they bend around the nucleus instead of falling toward it. Electrons exist only where the wave is stable. [SEP] the electrons behave like waves
The negative electrons are attracted to the positive nucleus. However, because the electrons behave like waves, they bend around the nucleus instead of falling toward it. Electrons exist only where the wave is stable. [SEP] they bend around the nucleus instead of falling toward it .
Mendeleev was a teacher as well as a chemist. He was writing a chemistry textbook and needed a way to organize the elements so it would be easier for students to learn about them. He made a set of cards of the elements, similar to a deck of playing cards, with one element per card. [SEP] He was writing a chemistry textbook and needed a way to organize the elements
Mendeleev was a teacher as well as a chemist. He was writing a chemistry textbook and needed a way to organize the elements so it would be easier for students to learn about them. He made a set of cards of the elements, similar to a deck of playing cards, with one element per card. [SEP] it would be easier for students to learn about them .
You can see how Mendeleev organized the elements in Figure 6.2. From left to right across each row, elements are arranged by increasing atomic mass. Mendeleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. [SEP] increasing atomic mass
You can see how Mendeleev organized the elements in Figure 6.2. From left to right across each row, elements are arranged by increasing atomic mass. Mendeleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. [SEP] From left to right across each row , elements are arranged
From left to right across each row, elements are arranged by increasing atomic mass. Mendeleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. He called the columns groups. [SEP] he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row
From left to right across each row, elements are arranged by increasing atomic mass. Mendeleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. He called the columns groups. [SEP] the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties .
He called the columns groups. They are sometimes called families, because elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another, like people in a family. Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table because of its repeating pattern. [SEP] elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another , like people in a family .
He called the columns groups. They are sometimes called families, because elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another, like people in a family. Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table because of its repeating pattern. [SEP] They are sometimes called families
They are sometimes called families, because elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another, like people in a family. Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table because of its repeating pattern. Anything that keeps repeating is referred to as periodic. [SEP] Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table
They are sometimes called families, because elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another, like people in a family. Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table because of its repeating pattern. Anything that keeps repeating is referred to as periodic. [SEP] . Anything that keeps repeating is referred to as periodic
He predicted that these missing elements would eventually be discovered. Based on their position in the table, he could even predict their properties. For example, he predicted a missing element in row 5 of his group 3. [SEP] their position in the table
He predicted that these missing elements would eventually be discovered. Based on their position in the table, he could even predict their properties. For example, he predicted a missing element in row 5 of his group 3. [SEP] he could even predict their properties .
The atomic number is the number of protons in an atom of an element. This number is unique for each element, so it seems like an obvious way to organize the elements. (Mendeleev used atomic mass instead of atomic number because protons had not yet been discovered when he made his table.) [SEP] This number is unique for each element
The atomic number is the number of protons in an atom of an element. This number is unique for each element, so it seems like an obvious way to organize the elements. (Mendeleev used atomic mass instead of atomic number because protons had not yet been discovered when he made his table.) [SEP] it seems like an obvious way to organize the elements .
This number is unique for each element, so it seems like an obvious way to organize the elements. (Mendeleev used atomic mass instead of atomic number because protons had not yet been discovered when he made his table.) In the modern table, atomic number increases from left to right across each period. [SEP] protons had not yet been discovered when he made his table .
This number is unique for each element, so it seems like an obvious way to organize the elements. (Mendeleev used atomic mass instead of atomic number because protons had not yet been discovered when he made his table.) In the modern table, atomic number increases from left to right across each period. [SEP] -LRB- Mendeleev used atomic mass instead of atomic number
 Rows of the modern table are called periods, as they are in Mendeleevs table. From left to right across a period, each element has one more proton than the element before it. [SEP] they are in Mendeleevs table .
 Rows of the modern table are called periods, as they are in Mendeleevs table. From left to right across a period, each element has one more proton than the element before it. [SEP] Rows of the modern table are called periods
For example, period 1 contains only two elements. Periods 6 and 7, in contrast, are so long that some of their elements are placed below the main part of the table. They are the elements starting with lanthanum (La) in period 6 and actinium (Ac) in period 7. [SEP] Periods 6 and 7 , in contrast , are so long
For example, period 1 contains only two elements. Periods 6 and 7, in contrast, are so long that some of their elements are placed below the main part of the table. They are the elements starting with lanthanum (La) in period 6 and actinium (Ac) in period 7. [SEP] some of their elements are placed below the main part of the table .
 Columns of the modern table are called groups, as they are in Mendeleevs table. However, the modern table has many more groups  18 to be exact. [SEP] they are in Mendeleevs table .
 Columns of the modern table are called groups, as they are in Mendeleevs table. However, the modern table has many more groups  18 to be exact. [SEP] Columns of the modern table are called groups
From left to right across the periodic table, each element has one more proton than the element to its left. Because atoms are always electrically neutral, for each added proton, one electron is also added. Electrons are added first to the lowest energy level possible until that level is full. [SEP] atoms are always electrically neutral
From left to right across the periodic table, each element has one more proton than the element to its left. Because atoms are always electrically neutral, for each added proton, one electron is also added. Electrons are added first to the lowest energy level possible until that level is full. [SEP] for each added proton , one electron is also added .
The number of valence electrons also determines whether the element can conduct electric current. Thats because electric current is the flow of electrons. Table 6.1 shows how these properties vary in elements from each class. [SEP] electric current is the flow of electrons .
The number of valence electrons also determines whether the element can conduct electric current. Thats because electric current is the flow of electrons. Table 6.1 shows how these properties vary in elements from each class. [SEP] number of valence electrons also determines whether the element can conduct electric current . Thats
Metals such as lithium have an outer energy level that is almost empty. They "want" to give up their few valence electrons so they will have a full outer energy level. As a result, metals are very reactive and good conductors of electricity. [SEP] They `` want '' to give up their few valence electrons
Metals such as lithium have an outer energy level that is almost empty. They "want" to give up their few valence electrons so they will have a full outer energy level. As a result, metals are very reactive and good conductors of electricity. [SEP] they will have a full outer energy level .
They "want" to give up their few valence electrons so they will have a full outer energy level. As a result, metals are very reactive and good conductors of electricity. Metalloids such as boron have an outer energy level that is about half full. [SEP] `` want '' to give up their few valence electrons so they will have a full outer energy level
They "want" to give up their few valence electrons so they will have a full outer energy level. As a result, metals are very reactive and good conductors of electricity. Metalloids such as boron have an outer energy level that is about half full. [SEP] metals are very reactive and good conductors of electricity .
These elements need to gain or lose too many electrons for a full outer energy level to come about easily. As a result, these elements are not very reactive. They may be able to conduct electricity but not very well. [SEP] These elements need to gain or lose too many electrons for a full outer energy level to come about easily
These elements need to gain or lose too many electrons for a full outer energy level to come about easily. As a result, these elements are not very reactive. They may be able to conduct electricity but not very well. [SEP] these elements are not very reactive .
Some nonmetals, such as bromine, have an outer energy level that is almost full. They "want" to gain electrons so they will have a full outer energy level. As a result, these nonmetals are very reactive. [SEP] They `` want '' to gain electrons
Some nonmetals, such as bromine, have an outer energy level that is almost full. They "want" to gain electrons so they will have a full outer energy level. As a result, these nonmetals are very reactive. [SEP] they will have a full outer energy level .
They "want" to gain electrons so they will have a full outer energy level. As a result, these nonmetals are very reactive. Because they only accept electrons and do not give them up, they do not conduct electricity. [SEP] `` want '' to gain electrons so they will have a full outer energy level
They "want" to gain electrons so they will have a full outer energy level. As a result, these nonmetals are very reactive. Because they only accept electrons and do not give them up, they do not conduct electricity. [SEP] these nonmetals are very reactive .
As a result, these nonmetals are very reactive. Because they only accept electrons and do not give them up, they do not conduct electricity. Other nonmetals, such as neon, have a completely full outer energy level. [SEP] they only accept electrons and do not give them up
As a result, these nonmetals are very reactive. Because they only accept electrons and do not give them up, they do not conduct electricity. Other nonmetals, such as neon, have a completely full outer energy level. [SEP] they do not conduct electricity .
Bromine Bromine (Br) is an extremely reactive nonmetal. In fact, reactions with fluorine are often explosive, as you can see in the URL below. Neon (Ne) is a nonmetal gas with a completely filled outer energy level. [SEP] you can see in the URL below .
Bromine Bromine (Br) is an extremely reactive nonmetal. In fact, reactions with fluorine are often explosive, as you can see in the URL below. Neon (Ne) is a nonmetal gas with a completely filled outer energy level. [SEP] In fact , reactions with fluorine are often explosive
Neon (Ne) is a nonmetal gas with a completely filled outer energy level. This makes it unreactive, so it doesnt combine with other elements. Neon is used for lighted signs like this one. [SEP] This makes it unreactive
Neon (Ne) is a nonmetal gas with a completely filled outer energy level. This makes it unreactive, so it doesnt combine with other elements. Neon is used for lighted signs like this one. [SEP] it doesnt combine with other elements .
Examples include sodium (Na), silver (Ag), and zinc (Zn). Metals have relatively high melting points, so almost all are solids at room temperature. The only exception is mercury (Hg), which is a liquid. [SEP] Metals have relatively high melting points
Examples include sodium (Na), silver (Ag), and zinc (Zn). Metals have relatively high melting points, so almost all are solids at room temperature. The only exception is mercury (Hg), which is a liquid. [SEP] almost all are solids at room temperature .
Metalloids are elements that fall between metals and nonmetals in the periodic table. Just seven elements are metalloids, so they are the smallest class of elements. In Figure 6.3, they are color-coded orange. [SEP] Just seven elements are metalloids
Metalloids are elements that fall between metals and nonmetals in the periodic table. Just seven elements are metalloids, so they are the smallest class of elements. In Figure 6.3, they are color-coded orange. [SEP] they are the smallest class of elements .
They also tend to vary more in their properties than metals do. For example, nonmetals have relatively low boiling points, so many of them are gases at room temperature. But several nonmetals are solids, including carbon and phosphorus (P). [SEP] For example , nonmetals have relatively low boiling points
They also tend to vary more in their properties than metals do. For example, nonmetals have relatively low boiling points, so many of them are gases at room temperature. But several nonmetals are solids, including carbon and phosphorus (P). [SEP] many of them are gases at room temperature .
For example, the down filling in a down jacket is mostly air, which consists mainly of nitrogen (N) and oxygen (O). These nonmetal gases are poor conductors of heat, so they keep body heat in and cold air out. Solid nonmetals are dull rather than shiny. [SEP] These nonmetal gases are poor conductors of heat
For example, the down filling in a down jacket is mostly air, which consists mainly of nitrogen (N) and oxygen (O). These nonmetal gases are poor conductors of heat, so they keep body heat in and cold air out. Solid nonmetals are dull rather than shiny. [SEP] they keep body heat in and cold air out .
The alkaline Earth metals include all the elements in group 2 (see Figure 6.10). These metals have just two valence electrons, so they are very reactive, although not quite as reactive as the alkali metals. In nature, they are always found combined with other elements. [SEP] These metals have just two valence electrons
The alkaline Earth metals include all the elements in group 2 (see Figure 6.10). These metals have just two valence electrons, so they are very reactive, although not quite as reactive as the alkali metals. In nature, they are always found combined with other elements. [SEP] they are very reactive , although not quite as reactive as the alkali metals .
They are all radioactive metals. This means they are unstable. They break down into different, more stable elements. [SEP] They are all radioactive metals
They are all radioactive metals. This means they are unstable. They break down into different, more stable elements. [SEP] they
 All the elements in group 1 have just one valence electron, so they are highly reactive. Group 1 is shown in Figure element in the universe. [SEP] All the elements in group 1 have just one valence electron
 All the elements in group 1 have just one valence electron, so they are highly reactive. Group 1 is shown in Figure element in the universe. [SEP] they are highly reactive .
They are the most reactive of all metals, and along with the elements in group 17, the most reactive elements. Because alkali metals are so reactive, they are only found in nature combined with other elements. The alkali metals are soft. [SEP] Because alkali metals are
They are the most reactive of all metals, and along with the elements in group 17, the most reactive elements. Because alkali metals are so reactive, they are only found in nature combined with other elements. The alkali metals are soft. [SEP] reactive , they are only found in nature combined with other elements .
They are all colorless, odorless gases. Their outer energy level is also full, so they are the least reactive elements. In nature, they seldom combine with other substances. [SEP] Their outer energy level is also full
They are all colorless, odorless gases. Their outer energy level is also full, so they are the least reactive elements. In nature, they seldom combine with other substances. [SEP] they are the least reactive elements .
You will read about these three types in later lessons. You can also learn more about them by watching this video:  (7:18). MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] watching this video : -LRB- 7:18 -RRB-
You will read about these three types in later lessons. You can also learn more about them by watching this video:  (7:18). MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] You can also learn more about them
The same elements may combine in different ratios. If they do, they form different compounds. Figure 7.2 shows some examples. [SEP] they do
The same elements may combine in different ratios. If they do, they form different compounds. Figure 7.2 shows some examples. [SEP] they form different compounds .
However, they have different ratios of the two elements. As a result, water and hydrogen peroxide are different compounds with different properties. If youve ever used hydrogen peroxide to disinfect a cut, then you know that it is very different from water! [SEP] However , they have different ratios of the two elements
However, they have different ratios of the two elements. As a result, water and hydrogen peroxide are different compounds with different properties. If youve ever used hydrogen peroxide to disinfect a cut, then you know that it is very different from water! [SEP] water and hydrogen peroxide are different compounds with different properties .
As a result, water and hydrogen peroxide are different compounds with different properties. If youve ever used hydrogen peroxide to disinfect a cut, then you know that it is very different from water! Both carbon dioxide (CO2 ) and carbon monoxide (CO) consist of carbon and oxygen, [SEP] youve ever used hydrogen peroxide to disinfect a cut
As a result, water and hydrogen peroxide are different compounds with different properties. If youve ever used hydrogen peroxide to disinfect a cut, then you know that it is very different from water! Both carbon dioxide (CO2 ) and carbon monoxide (CO) consist of carbon and oxygen, [SEP] you know that it is very different from water !
In row 1 of Figure 7.3, an atom of sodium donates an electron to an atom of chlorine (Cl). By losing an electron, the sodium atom becomes a sodium ion. It now has one less electron than protons, giving it a charge of +1. [SEP] losing an electron
In row 1 of Figure 7.3, an atom of sodium donates an electron to an atom of chlorine (Cl). By losing an electron, the sodium atom becomes a sodium ion. It now has one less electron than protons, giving it a charge of +1. [SEP] , the sodium atom becomes a sodium ion .
The symbol for a sodium ion is Na+ . By gaining an electron, the chlorine atom becomes a chloride ion. It now has one more electron than protons, giving it a charge of -1. [SEP] gaining an electron
The symbol for a sodium ion is Na+ . By gaining an electron, the chlorine atom becomes a chloride ion. It now has one more electron than protons, giving it a charge of -1. [SEP] , the chlorine atom becomes a chloride ion .
It now has one more electron than protons, giving it a charge of -1. Negative ions are named by adding the suffix ide to the first part of the element name. The symbol for chloride is Cl . [SEP] adding the suffix ide to the first part of the element name
It now has one more electron than protons, giving it a charge of -1. Negative ions are named by adding the suffix ide to the first part of the element name. The symbol for chloride is Cl . [SEP] Negative ions are named
Sodium and chloride ions have equal but opposite charges. Opposites attract, so sodium and chloride ions attract each other. They cling together in a strong ionic bond. [SEP] Opposites attract
Sodium and chloride ions have equal but opposite charges. Opposites attract, so sodium and chloride ions attract each other. They cling together in a strong ionic bond. [SEP] sodium and chloride ions attract each other .
It takes a lot of energy to break all those strong ionic bonds. As a result, ionic compounds are solids with high melting and boiling points (see Table 7.2). The rigid crystals are brittle and more likely to break than bend when struck. [SEP] It takes a lot of energy to break all those strong ionic bonds
It takes a lot of energy to break all those strong ionic bonds. As a result, ionic compounds are solids with high melting and boiling points (see Table 7.2). The rigid crystals are brittle and more likely to break than bend when struck. [SEP] ionic compounds are solids with high melting and boiling points -LRB- see Table 7.2 -RRB- .
The rigid crystals are brittle and more likely to break than bend when struck. As a result, ionic crystals tend to shatter. You can learn more about the properties of ionic compounds by watching the video at this URL:   [SEP] The rigid crystals are brittle and more likely to break than bend when struck
The rigid crystals are brittle and more likely to break than bend when struck. As a result, ionic crystals tend to shatter. You can learn more about the properties of ionic compounds by watching the video at this URL:   [SEP] ionic crystals tend to shatter .
As a result, ionic crystals tend to shatter. You can learn more about the properties of ionic compounds by watching the video at this URL:   MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] watching the video at this URL
As a result, ionic crystals tend to shatter. You can learn more about the properties of ionic compounds by watching the video at this URL:   MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] You can learn more about the properties of ionic compounds
When they dissolve, they separate into individual ions. The ions can move freely, so they are good conductors of electricity. Dissolved ionic compounds are called electrolytes. [SEP] The ions can move freely
When they dissolve, they separate into individual ions. The ions can move freely, so they are good conductors of electricity. Dissolved ionic compounds are called electrolytes. [SEP] they are good conductors of electricity .
Less energy is needed to remove just one or a few electrons than many. This explains why sodium and other alkali metals form positive ions so easily. Less energy is also needed to remove electrons from larger atoms in the same group. [SEP] This explains why sodium and other alkali metals form positive ions
Less energy is needed to remove just one or a few electrons than many. This explains why sodium and other alkali metals form positive ions so easily. Less energy is also needed to remove electrons from larger atoms in the same group. [SEP] easily . Less energy is also needed to remove electrons from larger atoms in the same group
In bigger atoms, valence electrons are farther from the nucleus. As a result, the force of attraction between the electrons and nucleus is weaker. What happens when an atom gains an electron and becomes a negative ion? [SEP] In bigger atoms , valence electrons are farther from the nucleus
In bigger atoms, valence electrons are farther from the nucleus. As a result, the force of attraction between the electrons and nucleus is weaker. What happens when an atom gains an electron and becomes a negative ion? [SEP] the force of attraction between the electrons and nucleus is weaker .
Halogens release the most energy when they form ions. As a result, they are very reactive.  [SEP] Halogens release the most energy when they form ions
Halogens release the most energy when they form ions. As a result, they are very reactive.  [SEP] they are very reactive .
Like other group 1 elements, it has just one valence electron. If sodium loses that one electron, it will have a full outer energy level. Now find fluorine (F) in Figure 7.4. [SEP] sodium loses that one electron
Like other group 1 elements, it has just one valence electron. If sodium loses that one electron, it will have a full outer energy level. Now find fluorine (F) in Figure 7.4. [SEP] it will have a full outer energy level .
Hydrogen bonds are weak, but they still must be overcome when a polar substance changes from a solid to a liquid or from a liquid to a gas. As a result, polar covalent compounds may have higher melting and boiling points than nonpolar covalent compounds. To learn more about hydrogen bonding and when it occurs, see the video at this URL:  (0:58). [SEP] Hydrogen bonds are weak , but they still must be overcome when a polar substance changes from a solid to a liquid or from a liquid to a gas
Hydrogen bonds are weak, but they still must be overcome when a polar substance changes from a solid to a liquid or from a liquid to a gas. As a result, polar covalent compounds may have higher melting and boiling points than nonpolar covalent compounds. To learn more about hydrogen bonding and when it occurs, see the video at this URL:  (0:58). [SEP] polar covalent compounds may have higher melting and boiling points than nonpolar covalent compounds .
 Covalent bonds form because they give atoms a more stable arrangement of electrons. Look at the hydrogen atoms in Figure 7.7. [SEP] they give atoms a more stable arrangement of electrons .
 Covalent bonds form because they give atoms a more stable arrangement of electrons. Look at the hydrogen atoms in Figure 7.7. [SEP] Covalent bonds form
Alone, each hydrogen atom has just one electron. By sharing electrons with another hydrogen atom, it has two electrons: its own and the one in the other hydrogen atom. The shared electrons are attracted to both hydrogen nuclei. [SEP] sharing electrons with another hydrogen atom
Alone, each hydrogen atom has just one electron. By sharing electrons with another hydrogen atom, it has two electrons: its own and the one in the other hydrogen atom. The shared electrons are attracted to both hydrogen nuclei. [SEP] , it has two electrons : its own and the one in the other hydrogen atom .
It needs two more electrons to fill its outer energy level. Therefore, it must form two covalent bonds. This can happen in many different ways. [SEP] It needs two more electrons to fill its outer energy level
It needs two more electrons to fill its outer energy level. Therefore, it must form two covalent bonds. This can happen in many different ways. [SEP] it must form two covalent bonds .
Figure 7.9 shows this for water. The oxygen atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly because its nucleus has more positively charged protons. As a result, the oxygen atom becomes slightly negative in charge. [SEP] its nucleus has more positively charged protons .
Figure 7.9 shows this for water. The oxygen atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly because its nucleus has more positively charged protons. As a result, the oxygen atom becomes slightly negative in charge. [SEP] The oxygen atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly
The oxygen atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly because its nucleus has more positively charged protons. As a result, the oxygen atom becomes slightly negative in charge. The hydrogen atoms attract the electrons less strongly. [SEP] The oxygen atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly because its nucleus has more positively charged protons
The oxygen atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly because its nucleus has more positively charged protons. As a result, the oxygen atom becomes slightly negative in charge. The hydrogen atoms attract the electrons less strongly. [SEP] the oxygen atom becomes slightly negative in charge .
Neither atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly. As a result, the atoms remain neutral. Figure 7.10 shows an example of nonpolar bonds. [SEP] Neither atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly
Neither atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly. As a result, the atoms remain neutral. Figure 7.10 shows an example of nonpolar bonds. [SEP] the atoms remain neutral .
 Covalent compounds have different properties than ionic compounds because of their bonds. Covalent compounds exist as individual molecules rather than crystals. [SEP] Covalent compounds have different properties than ionic compounds
 Covalent compounds have different properties than ionic compounds because of their bonds. Covalent compounds exist as individual molecules rather than crystals. [SEP] . Covalent compounds exist as individual molecules rather than crystals
It takes less energy for individual molecules than ions in a crystal to pull apart. As a result, covalent compounds have lower melting and boiling points than ionic compounds. Many are gases or liquids at room temperature. [SEP] It takes less energy for individual molecules than ions in a crystal to pull apart
It takes less energy for individual molecules than ions in a crystal to pull apart. As a result, covalent compounds have lower melting and boiling points than ionic compounds. Many are gases or liquids at room temperature. [SEP] covalent compounds have lower melting and boiling points than ionic compounds .
This makes covalent compounds poor conductors of electricity. Many covalent compounds also do not dissolve in water as all ionic compounds do.  [SEP] all ionic compounds do .
This makes covalent compounds poor conductors of electricity. Many covalent compounds also do not dissolve in water as all ionic compounds do.  [SEP] Many covalent compounds also do not dissolve in water
The two atoms may be the same or different elements. If the bonds form between atoms of different elements, a covalent compound forms. Covalent compounds are described in detail later in the lesson. [SEP] the bonds form between
The two atoms may be the same or different elements. If the bonds form between atoms of different elements, a covalent compound forms. Covalent compounds are described in detail later in the lesson. [SEP] a covalent compound forms .
 Because of their freely moving electrons, metals are good conductors of electricity. Metals also can be shaped without breaking. [SEP] their freely moving electrons
 Because of their freely moving electrons, metals are good conductors of electricity. Metals also can be shaped without breaking. [SEP] metals are good conductors of electricity .
They are ductile (can be shaped into wires) and malleable (can be shaped into thin sheets). Metals have these properties because of the nature of their metallic bonds. A metallic lattice, like the one in Figure 7.13, may resemble a rigid ionic crystal. [SEP] Metals have these properties
They are ductile (can be shaped into wires) and malleable (can be shaped into thin sheets). Metals have these properties because of the nature of their metallic bonds. A metallic lattice, like the one in Figure 7.13, may resemble a rigid ionic crystal. [SEP] . A metallic lattice , like the one in Figure 7.13 , may resemble a rigid ionic crystal
It shows a blacksmith hammering a piece of red-hot iron in order to shape it. Why doesnt the iron shatter, as an ionic crystal would? The ions of the metal can move within the "sea" of electrons without breaking the metallic bonds that hold them together. [SEP] an ionic crystal would ?
It shows a blacksmith hammering a piece of red-hot iron in order to shape it. Why doesnt the iron shatter, as an ionic crystal would? The ions of the metal can move within the "sea" of electrons without breaking the metallic bonds that hold them together. [SEP] It shows a blacksmith hammering a piece of red-hot iron in order to shape it . Why doesnt the iron shatter
 Metals are useful for many purposes because of their unique properties. However, pure metals may be less useful than mixtures of metals. [SEP] Metals are useful for many purposes
 Metals are useful for many purposes because of their unique properties. However, pure metals may be less useful than mixtures of metals. [SEP] . However , pure metals may be less useful than mixtures of metals
For example, iron is not as strong as steel, which is a mixture of iron and small amounts of carbon. Steel is so strong that it can hold up huge bridges, like the one Figure 7.15. Steel is also used to make skyscrapers, cargo ships, cars, and trains. [SEP] Steel is so strong
For example, iron is not as strong as steel, which is a mixture of iron and small amounts of carbon. Steel is so strong that it can hold up huge bridges, like the one Figure 7.15. Steel is also used to make skyscrapers, cargo ships, cars, and trains. [SEP] it can hold up huge bridges ,
An alloy is a solid solution. It is formed by melting a metal and dissolving the other elements in it. The molten solution is then allowed to cool and harden. [SEP] melting a metal and dissolving the other elements in it
An alloy is a solid solution. It is formed by melting a metal and dissolving the other elements in it. The molten solution is then allowed to cool and harden. [SEP] It is formed
You can learn about an amazing alloy called memory wire at the URL below. If you have braces on your teeth, you may even have this alloy in your mouth!  [SEP] you have braces on your teeth
You can learn about an amazing alloy called memory wire at the URL below. If you have braces on your teeth, you may even have this alloy in your mouth!  [SEP] you may even have this alloy in your mouth !
The reactants and prod- ucts contain the same atoms, but they are rearranged during the reaction. As a result, the atoms are in different combinations in the products than they were in the reactants. Look at the example in Figure 8.2. [SEP] - ucts contain the same atoms , but they are rearranged during the reaction
The reactants and prod- ucts contain the same atoms, but they are rearranged during the reaction. As a result, the atoms are in different combinations in the products than they were in the reactants. Look at the example in Figure 8.2. [SEP] the atoms are in different combinations in the products than they were in the reactants .
The reaction can also go in the reverse direction. If an electric current passes through water, water molecules break down into molecules of hydrogen and oxygen. This reaction would be represented by a right-to-left arrow ( ) in Figure Many other reactions can also go in both forward and reverse directions. [SEP] an electric current passes through water
The reaction can also go in the reverse direction. If an electric current passes through water, water molecules break down into molecules of hydrogen and oxygen. This reaction would be represented by a right-to-left arrow ( ) in Figure Many other reactions can also go in both forward and reverse directions. [SEP] water molecules break down into molecules of hydrogen and oxygen .
Balance this chemical equation: N2 + H2 ! NH3 Hints for balancing 1. Two N are needed in the products to match the two N (N2 ) in the reactants. [SEP] balancing 1
Balance this chemical equation: N2 + H2 ! NH3 Hints for balancing 1. Two N are needed in the products to match the two N (N2 ) in the reactants. [SEP] NH3 Hints
How do scientists know that mass is always conserved in chemical reactions? Careful experiments in the 1700s by a French chemist named Antoine Lavoisier led to this conclusion. For this and other contributions, Lavoisier has been called the father of modern chemistry. [SEP] Antoine Lavoisier
How do scientists know that mass is always conserved in chemical reactions? Careful experiments in the 1700s by a French chemist named Antoine Lavoisier led to this conclusion. For this and other contributions, Lavoisier has been called the father of modern chemistry. [SEP] this conclusion
He carried out the reactions inside a sealed jar, like the one in Figure 8.5. As a result, any gases involved in the reactions were captured and could be measured. In every case, the total mass of the jar and its contents was the same after the reaction as it was before the reaction took place. [SEP] He carried out the reactions inside a sealed jar , like the one in Figure 8.5
He carried out the reactions inside a sealed jar, like the one in Figure 8.5. As a result, any gases involved in the reactions were captured and could be measured. In every case, the total mass of the jar and its contents was the same after the reaction as it was before the reaction took place. [SEP] any gases involved in the reactions were captured and could be measured .
As a result, any gases involved in the reactions were captured and could be measured. In every case, the total mass of the jar and its contents was the same after the reaction as it was before the reaction took place. This showed that matter was neither created nor destroyed in the reactions. [SEP] it was before the reaction took place .
As a result, any gases involved in the reactions were captured and could be measured. In every case, the total mass of the jar and its contents was the same after the reaction as it was before the reaction took place. This showed that matter was neither created nor destroyed in the reactions. [SEP] In every case , the total mass of the jar and its contents was the same after the reaction
Hydrogen and oxygen are the reactants, and water is the product. To write a chemical equation for this reaction, you would start by writing symbols for the reactants and products: Equation 1: H2 + O2 ! [SEP] writing symbols for the reactants and products
Hydrogen and oxygen are the reactants, and water is the product. To write a chemical equation for this reaction, you would start by writing symbols for the reactants and products: Equation 1: H2 + O2 ! [SEP] To write a chemical equation for this reaction , you would start
H2 O Like equations in math, equations in chemistry must balance. There must be the same number of each type of atom in the products as there is in the reactants. In equation 1, count the number of hydrogen and oxygen atoms on each side of the arrow. [SEP] there is in the reactants .
H2 O Like equations in math, equations in chemistry must balance. There must be the same number of each type of atom in the products as there is in the reactants. In equation 1, count the number of hydrogen and oxygen atoms on each side of the arrow. [SEP] There must be the same number of each type of atom in the products
There are two oxygen atoms in the reactants but only one in the product. Therefore, equation 1 is not balanced.  [SEP] There are two oxygen atoms in the reactants but only one in the product
There are two oxygen atoms in the reactants but only one in the product. Therefore, equation 1 is not balanced.  [SEP] equation 1 is not balanced .
The product is one molecule of carbon dioxide. If more than one product were produced, plus signs would be used between them as well.  [SEP] more than one product were produced
The product is one molecule of carbon dioxide. If more than one product were produced, plus signs would be used between them as well.  [SEP] plus signs would be used between them as well .
The amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has increased over recent decades (see Figure 8.8). As a result, the acidity of ocean water is also increasing. How do you think this might affect ocean life? [SEP] The amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has increased over recent decades -LRB- see Figure 8.8 -RRB-
The amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has increased over recent decades (see Figure 8.8). As a result, the acidity of ocean water is also increasing. How do you think this might affect ocean life? [SEP] the acidity of ocean water is also increasing .
When a solid substance is involved in a chemical reaction, only the matter at the surface of the solid is exposed to other reactants. If a solid has more surface area, more of it is exposed and able to react. Therefore, increasing the surface area of solid reactants increases the reaction rate. [SEP] a solid has more surface area
When a solid substance is involved in a chemical reaction, only the matter at the surface of the solid is exposed to other reactants. If a solid has more surface area, more of it is exposed and able to react. Therefore, increasing the surface area of solid reactants increases the reaction rate. [SEP] more of it is exposed and able to react .
If a solid has more surface area, more of it is exposed and able to react. Therefore, increasing the surface area of solid reactants increases the reaction rate. For example, crushing a solid into a powder exposes more of the substance to other reactants. [SEP] If a solid has more surface area , more of it is exposed and able to react
If a solid has more surface area, more of it is exposed and able to react. Therefore, increasing the surface area of solid reactants increases the reaction rate. For example, crushing a solid into a powder exposes more of the substance to other reactants. [SEP] increasing the surface area of solid reactants increases the reaction rate .
The catalyst can go on to catalyze many more reactions. Catalysts are not reactants, but they help reactants come together so they can react. You can see one way this happens in the animation at the URL below. [SEP] Catalysts are not reactants , but they help reactants come together
The catalyst can go on to catalyze many more reactions. Catalysts are not reactants, but they help reactants come together so they can react. You can see one way this happens in the animation at the URL below. [SEP] they can react .
You can see one way this happens in the animation at the URL below. By helping reactants come together, a catalyst decreases the activation energy needed to start a chemical reaction. This speeds up the reaction. [SEP] helping reactants come together
You can see one way this happens in the animation at the URL below. By helping reactants come together, a catalyst decreases the activation energy needed to start a chemical reaction. This speeds up the reaction. [SEP] , a catalyst decreases the activation energy needed to start a chemical reaction .
In many endothermic reactions, heat is absorbed from the surroundings. As a result, the temperature drops. The drop in temperature may be great enough to cause liquid products to freeze. [SEP] In many endothermic reactions , heat is absorbed from the surroundings
In many endothermic reactions, heat is absorbed from the surroundings. As a result, the temperature drops. The drop in temperature may be great enough to cause liquid products to freeze. [SEP] the temperature drops .
When the concentration of reactants is higher, the reaction rate is faster. At higher concentrations, particles of reactants are crowded closer together, so they are more likely to collide and react. Did you ever see a sign like the one in Figure 8.17? [SEP] At higher concentrations , particles of reactants are crowded closer together
When the concentration of reactants is higher, the reaction rate is faster. At higher concentrations, particles of reactants are crowded closer together, so they are more likely to collide and react. Did you ever see a sign like the one in Figure 8.17? [SEP] they are more likely to collide and react .
You might see it where someone is using a tank of pure oxygen for a breathing problem. The greater concentration of oxygen in the air makes combustion rapid if a fire starts burning.  [SEP] a fire starts burning .
You might see it where someone is using a tank of pure oxygen for a breathing problem. The greater concentration of oxygen in the air makes combustion rapid if a fire starts burning.  [SEP] The greater concentration of oxygen in the air makes combustion rapid
When the temperature of reactants is higher, the rate of the reaction is faster. At higher temperatures, particles of reactants have more energy, so they move faster. They are more likely to bump into one another and to collide with greater force. [SEP] At higher temperatures , particles of reactants have more energy
When the temperature of reactants is higher, the rate of the reaction is faster. At higher temperatures, particles of reactants have more energy, so they move faster. They are more likely to bump into one another and to collide with greater force. [SEP] they move faster .
 Any factor that helps reactants come together so they can react lowers the amount of activation energy needed to start the reaction. If the activation energy is lowered, more reactant particles can react, and the reaction occurs more quickly. [SEP] Any factor that helps reactants come together
 Any factor that helps reactants come together so they can react lowers the amount of activation energy needed to start the reaction. If the activation energy is lowered, more reactant particles can react, and the reaction occurs more quickly. [SEP] they can react lowers the amount of activation energy needed to start the reaction .
Any factor that helps reactants come together so they can react lowers the amount of activation energy needed to start the reaction. If the activation energy is lowered, more reactant particles can react, and the reaction occurs more quickly. How fast a reaction occurs is called the reaction rate. [SEP] the activation energy is lowered
Any factor that helps reactants come together so they can react lowers the amount of activation energy needed to start the reaction. If the activation energy is lowered, more reactant particles can react, and the reaction occurs more quickly. How fast a reaction occurs is called the reaction rate. [SEP] more reactant particles can react , and
A reaction wont occur unless atoms or molecules of reactants come together. This happens only if the particles are moving, and movement takes energy. Often, reactants have to overcome forces that push them apart. [SEP] the particles are moving
A reaction wont occur unless atoms or molecules of reactants come together. This happens only if the particles are moving, and movement takes energy. Often, reactants have to overcome forces that push them apart. [SEP] and movement takes energy .
You have probably used activation energy to start a chemical reaction. For example, if youve ever used a match to light a campfire, then you provided the activation energy needed to start a combustion reaction. Combustion is exothermic. [SEP] youve ever used a match to light a campfire
You have probably used activation energy to start a chemical reaction. For example, if youve ever used a match to light a campfire, then you provided the activation energy needed to start a combustion reaction. Combustion is exothermic. [SEP] you provided the activation energy needed to start a combustion reaction .
Combustion is exothermic. Once a fire starts to burn, it releases enough energy to activate the next reaction, and the next, and so on. However, wood will not burst into flames on its own. [SEP] Once a fire starts to burn , it releases enough energy to activate the next reaction , and the next
Combustion is exothermic. Once a fire starts to burn, it releases enough energy to activate the next reaction, and the next, and so on. However, wood will not burst into flames on its own. [SEP] on . However , wood will not burst into flames on its own
The word "exothermic" literally means "turning out heat." Energy, often in the form of heat, is released as an exothermic reaction occurs. The general equation for an exothermic reaction is: Reactants ! [SEP] an exothermic reaction occurs .
The word "exothermic" literally means "turning out heat." Energy, often in the form of heat, is released as an exothermic reaction occurs. The general equation for an exothermic reaction is: Reactants ! [SEP] Energy , often in the form of heat , is released
Products + Energy If the energy is released as heat, an exothermic reaction results in a rise in temperature. Thats what happens in the exothermic reaction at the URL below. [SEP] the energy is released as heat
Products + Energy If the energy is released as heat, an exothermic reaction results in a rise in temperature. Thats what happens in the exothermic reaction at the URL below. [SEP] an exothermic reaction results in a rise in temperature .
You can see the light energy it is giving off. If you were standing near the fire, you would also feel its heat.  [SEP] you were standing near the fire
You can see the light energy it is giving off. If you were standing near the fire, you would also feel its heat.  [SEP] you would also feel its heat .
 Because of carbons ability to form so many covalent bonds, it often forms polymers. A polymer is a large molecule that consists of many smaller molecules joined together by covalent bonds. [SEP] Because of carbons ability to form
 Because of carbons ability to form so many covalent bonds, it often forms polymers. A polymer is a large molecule that consists of many smaller molecules joined together by covalent bonds. [SEP] many covalent bonds , it often forms polymers .
 Exploratorium Staff Scientist Julie Yu changes and manipulates the physical and chemical properties of plastic bottles by exposing them to heat. This is how plastic bags and bottles can be recycled and used over and over again. [SEP] exposing them to heat
 Exploratorium Staff Scientist Julie Yu changes and manipulates the physical and chemical properties of plastic bottles by exposing them to heat. This is how plastic bags and bottles can be recycled and used over and over again. [SEP] Exploratorium Staff Scientist Julie Yu changes and manipulates the physical and chemical properties of plastic bottles
Diamond is the hardest natural substance. It is used for cutting and grinding tools as well as for rings and other pieces of jewelry. Graphite Graphite is a form of carbon in which carbon atoms are arranged in layers. [SEP] cutting and grinding tools
Diamond is the hardest natural substance. It is used for cutting and grinding tools as well as for rings and other pieces of jewelry. Graphite Graphite is a form of carbon in which carbon atoms are arranged in layers. [SEP] It is used
 Because it has four valence electrons, carbon needs four more electrons to fill its outer energy level. It can achieve this by forming four covalent bonds. [SEP] it has four valence electrons
 Because it has four valence electrons, carbon needs four more electrons to fill its outer energy level. It can achieve this by forming four covalent bonds. [SEP] carbon needs four more electrons to fill its outer energy level .
Because it has four valence electrons, carbon needs four more electrons to fill its outer energy level. It can achieve this by forming four covalent bonds. Covalent bonds are chemical bonds that form between nonmetals. [SEP] forming four covalent bonds
Because it has four valence electrons, carbon needs four more electrons to fill its outer energy level. It can achieve this by forming four covalent bonds. Covalent bonds are chemical bonds that form between nonmetals. [SEP] It can achieve this
In a covalent bond, two atoms share a pair of electrons. By forming four covalent bonds, carbon shares four pairs of electrons, thus filling its outer energy level. A carbon atom can form bonds with other carbon atoms or with the atoms of other elements. [SEP] By forming four covalent bonds , carbon shares four pairs of electrons
In a covalent bond, two atoms share a pair of electrons. By forming four covalent bonds, carbon shares four pairs of electrons, thus filling its outer energy level. A carbon atom can form bonds with other carbon atoms or with the atoms of other elements. [SEP] filling its outer energy level . A carbon atom can form bonds with other carbon atoms or with the atoms of other elements
It is burned in acetylene torches, like the one in Figure 9.13. Acetylene produces so much heat when it burns that it can melt metal. Breaking all those bonds between carbon atoms releases a lot of energy. [SEP] Acetylene produces so much
It is burned in acetylene torches, like the one in Figure 9.13. Acetylene produces so much heat when it burns that it can melt metal. Breaking all those bonds between carbon atoms releases a lot of energy. [SEP] it can melt metal .
Unsaturated cyclic hydrocarbons are called aromatic hydrocarbons. Thats because they have a strong aroma, or scent. Their molecules consist of six carbon atoms in a ring shape, connected by alternating single and double bonds. [SEP] they have a strong aroma
Unsaturated cyclic hydrocarbons are called aromatic hydrocarbons. Thats because they have a strong aroma, or scent. Their molecules consist of six carbon atoms in a ring shape, connected by alternating single and double bonds. [SEP] or scent .
Thats because they have a strong aroma, or scent. Their molecules consist of six carbon atoms in a ring shape, connected by alternating single and double bonds. Aromatic hydrocarbons may have a single ring or multiple rings joined together by bonds between their carbon atoms. [SEP] alternating single and double bonds
Thats because they have a strong aroma, or scent. Their molecules consist of six carbon atoms in a ring shape, connected by alternating single and double bonds. Aromatic hydrocarbons may have a single ring or multiple rings joined together by bonds between their carbon atoms. [SEP] Their molecules consist of six carbon atoms in a ring shape , connected
Benzene has many uses. For example, it is used in air fresheners and mothballs because of its strong scent. You can learn more about benzene and other aromatic hydrocarbons at this URL:   [SEP] For example , it is used in air fresheners and mothballs
Benzene has many uses. For example, it is used in air fresheners and mothballs because of its strong scent. You can learn more about benzene and other aromatic hydrocarbons at this URL:   [SEP] . You can learn more about benzene and other aromatic hydrocarbons at this URL
For example, it influences their boiling and melting points. As a result, some hydrocarbons are gases at room temperature, while others are liquids or solids. Hydrocarbons are generally nonpolar and do not dissolve in water. [SEP] For example , it influences their boiling and melting points
For example, it influences their boiling and melting points. As a result, some hydrocarbons are gases at room temperature, while others are liquids or solids. Hydrocarbons are generally nonpolar and do not dissolve in water. [SEP] some hydrocarbons are gases at room temperature , while others are liquids or solids .
The classes are saturated hydrocarbons and unsaturated hydrocarbons. This classification is based on the number of bonds between carbon atoms. You can learn more about both types of hydrocarbons at this URL:  (6:41). [SEP] the number of bonds between carbon atoms
The classes are saturated hydrocarbons and unsaturated hydrocarbons. This classification is based on the number of bonds between carbon atoms. You can learn more about both types of hydrocarbons at this URL:  (6:41). [SEP] This classification
They are the simplest hydrocarbons. They are called saturated because each carbon atom is bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. In other words, the carbon atoms are saturated with hydrogen. [SEP] each carbon atom is bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible .
They are the simplest hydrocarbons. They are called saturated because each carbon atom is bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. In other words, the carbon atoms are saturated with hydrogen. [SEP] They are called saturated
 Structural formulas are often used to represent hydrocarbon compounds because the molecules can have different shapes, or structures. Hydrocarbons may form straight chains, branched chains, or rings. [SEP] the molecules can have different shapes , or structures .
 Structural formulas are often used to represent hydrocarbon compounds because the molecules can have different shapes, or structures. Hydrocarbons may form straight chains, branched chains, or rings. [SEP] Structural formulas are often used to represent hydrocarbon compounds
Ring-shaped alkanes are called cycloalkanes. They usually contain just five or six carbon atoms because larger rings are not very stable. However, rings can join together to create larger molecules consisting of two or more rings. [SEP] larger rings are not very stable .
Ring-shaped alkanes are called cycloalkanes. They usually contain just five or six carbon atoms because larger rings are not very stable. However, rings can join together to create larger molecules consisting of two or more rings. [SEP] They usually contain just five or six carbon atoms
Unsaturated hydrocarbons contain at least one double or triple bond between carbon atoms. As a result, the carbon atoms are unable to bond with as many hydrogen atoms as they would if they were joined only by single bonds. This makes them unsaturated with hydrogen. [SEP] Unsaturated hydrocarbons contain at least one double or triple bond between carbon atoms
Unsaturated hydrocarbons contain at least one double or triple bond between carbon atoms. As a result, the carbon atoms are unable to bond with as many hydrogen atoms as they would if they were joined only by single bonds. This makes them unsaturated with hydrogen. [SEP] the carbon atoms are unable to bond with as many hydrogen atoms as they would if they were joined only by single bonds .
In saturated fatty acids, there are only single bonds between carbon atoms. As a result, the carbons are saturated with hydrogen atoms. Saturated fatty acids are found in fats. [SEP] In saturated fatty acids , there are only single bonds between carbon atoms
In saturated fatty acids, there are only single bonds between carbon atoms. As a result, the carbons are saturated with hydrogen atoms. Saturated fatty acids are found in fats. [SEP] the carbons are saturated with hydrogen atoms .
In unsaturated fatty acids, there is at least one double bond between carbon atoms. As a result, some carbons are not bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. Unsaturated fatty acids are found in oils. [SEP] In unsaturated fatty acids , there is at least one double bond between carbon atoms
In unsaturated fatty acids, there is at least one double bond between carbon atoms. As a result, some carbons are not bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. Unsaturated fatty acids are found in oils. [SEP] some carbons are not bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible .
Have you ever eaten raw celery? If you have, then you probably noticed that the stalks contain long, stringy fibers. The fibers are mostly cellulose. [SEP] you have
Have you ever eaten raw celery? If you have, then you probably noticed that the stalks contain long, stringy fibers. The fibers are mostly cellulose. [SEP] then you probably noticed that the stalks contain long , stringy fibers .
The instructions are encoded in the sequence of nitrogen bases in the nucleotide chains of DNA. RNA "reads" the genetic code in DNA and is involved in the synthesis of proteins based on the code. This video shows how:  (2:51). [SEP] the code
The instructions are encoded in the sequence of nitrogen bases in the nucleotide chains of DNA. RNA "reads" the genetic code in DNA and is involved in the synthesis of proteins based on the code. This video shows how:  (2:51). [SEP] RNA `` reads '' the genetic code in DNA and is involved in the synthesis of proteins
It measures the rate at which velocity changes. Velocity, in turn, is a measure of the speed and direction of motion, so a change in velocity may reflect a change in speed, a change in direction, or both. Both velocity and acceleration are vectors. [SEP] Velocity , in turn , is a measure of the speed and direction of motion
It measures the rate at which velocity changes. Velocity, in turn, is a measure of the speed and direction of motion, so a change in velocity may reflect a change in speed, a change in direction, or both. Both velocity and acceleration are vectors. [SEP] a change in velocity may reflect a change in speed , a change in direction , or both .
A: You should describe how both direction and speed are changing. For example, the boy on the carousel is moving up and down and around in a circle, so his direction is constantly changing, but his speed changes only at the beginning and end of the ride. The skydiver is falling straight down toward the ground so her direction isnt changing, but her speed keeps increasing as she falls until she opens her parachute. [SEP] For example , the boy on the carousel is moving up and down and around in a circle
A: You should describe how both direction and speed are changing. For example, the boy on the carousel is moving up and down and around in a circle, so his direction is constantly changing, but his speed changes only at the beginning and end of the ride. The skydiver is falling straight down toward the ground so her direction isnt changing, but her speed keeps increasing as she falls until she opens her parachute. [SEP] his direction is constantly changing , but his speed changes only at the beginning and end of the ride .
For example, the boy on the carousel is moving up and down and around in a circle, so his direction is constantly changing, but his speed changes only at the beginning and end of the ride. The skydiver is falling straight down toward the ground so her direction isnt changing, but her speed keeps increasing as she falls until she opens her parachute.  [SEP] The skydiver is falling straight down toward the ground
For example, the boy on the carousel is moving up and down and around in a circle, so his direction is constantly changing, but his speed changes only at the beginning and end of the ride. The skydiver is falling straight down toward the ground so her direction isnt changing, but her speed keeps increasing as she falls until she opens her parachute.  [SEP] her direction isnt changing , but her speed keeps increasing as she falls until she opens her parachute .
For example, the boy on the carousel is moving up and down and around in a circle, so his direction is constantly changing, but his speed changes only at the beginning and end of the ride. The skydiver is falling straight down toward the ground so her direction isnt changing, but her speed keeps increasing as she falls until she opens her parachute.  [SEP] she falls until she opens her parachute .
For example, the boy on the carousel is moving up and down and around in a circle, so his direction is constantly changing, but his speed changes only at the beginning and end of the ride. The skydiver is falling straight down toward the ground so her direction isnt changing, but her speed keeps increasing as she falls until she opens her parachute.  [SEP] but her speed keeps increasing
 If you are accelerating, you may be able to feel the change in velocity. This is true whether the change is in speed, direction, or both. [SEP] you are accelerating
 If you are accelerating, you may be able to feel the change in velocity. This is true whether the change is in speed, direction, or both. [SEP] you may be able to feel the change in velocity .
You often feel acceleration when you ride in a car. As the car speeds up, you feel as though you are being pressed against the seat. When the car slows down, you feel like you are being pushed forward, especially if the change in speed is sudden. [SEP] the car speeds up , you feel as though you are being pressed against the seat .
You often feel acceleration when you ride in a car. As the car speeds up, you feel as though you are being pressed against the seat. When the car slows down, you feel like you are being pushed forward, especially if the change in speed is sudden. [SEP] You often feel acceleration when you ride in a car .
As the car speeds up, you feel as though you are being pressed against the seat. When the car slows down, you feel like you are being pushed forward, especially if the change in speed is sudden. If the car changes direction and turns right, you feel as though you are being pushed to the left. [SEP] the change in speed is sudden .
As the car speeds up, you feel as though you are being pressed against the seat. When the car slows down, you feel like you are being pushed forward, especially if the change in speed is sudden. If the car changes direction and turns right, you feel as though you are being pushed to the left. [SEP] When the car slows down , you feel like you are being pushed forward , especially
When the car slows down, you feel like you are being pushed forward, especially if the change in speed is sudden. If the car changes direction and turns right, you feel as though you are being pushed to the left. With a left turn, you feel a push to the right. [SEP] the car changes direction and turns right
When the car slows down, you feel like you are being pushed forward, especially if the change in speed is sudden. If the car changes direction and turns right, you feel as though you are being pushed to the left. With a left turn, you feel a push to the right. [SEP] you feel as though you are being pushed to the left .
With a left turn, you feel a push to the right. The next time you ride in a car, notice how it feels as the car accelerates in each of these ways.  [SEP] the car accelerates in each of these ways .
With a left turn, you feel a push to the right. The next time you ride in a car, notice how it feels as the car accelerates in each of these ways.  [SEP] The next time you ride in a car , notice how it feels
Gravity causes an object to fall toward the ground at a faster and faster velocity the longer the object falls. In fact, its velocity increases by 9.8 m/s2, so by 1 second after an object starts falling, its velocity is 9.8 m /s. [SEP] , its velocity increases by 9.8 m/s2
Gravity causes an object to fall toward the ground at a faster and faster velocity the longer the object falls. In fact, its velocity increases by 9.8 m/s2, so by 1 second after an object starts falling, its velocity is 9.8 m /s. [SEP] by 1 second after an object starts falling , its velocity is 9.8 m
/s. By 2 seconds after it starts falling, its velocity is 19.6 m/s (9.8 m/s + 9.8 m/s), and so on. The acceleration of a falling object due to gravity is illustrated in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] By 2 seconds after it starts falling , its velocity is 19.6 m/s -LRB- 9.8 m/s + 9.8 m/s -RRB-
/s. By 2 seconds after it starts falling, its velocity is 19.6 m/s (9.8 m/s + 9.8 m/s), and so on. The acceleration of a falling object due to gravity is illustrated in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] on . The acceleration of a falling object due to gravity is illustrated in the Figure 1.1
By 2 seconds after it starts falling, its velocity is 19.6 m/s (9.8 m/s + 9.8 m/s), and so on. The acceleration of a falling object due to gravity is illustrated in the Figure 1.1. Q: [SEP] gravity
By 2 seconds after it starts falling, its velocity is 19.6 m/s (9.8 m/s + 9.8 m/s), and so on. The acceleration of a falling object due to gravity is illustrated in the Figure 1.1. Q: [SEP] is illustrated in the Figure 1.1 .
What if you were to drop a bowling ball and a soccer ball at the same time from the same distance above the ground? The bowling ball has greater mass than the basketball, so the pull of gravity on it is greater. Would it fall to the ground faster? [SEP] The bowling ball has greater mass than the basketball
What if you were to drop a bowling ball and a soccer ball at the same time from the same distance above the ground? The bowling ball has greater mass than the basketball, so the pull of gravity on it is greater. Would it fall to the ground faster? [SEP] the pull of gravity on it is greater .
The reason? The more massive bowling ball is also harder to move because of its greater mass, so it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the soccer ball. This is true of all falling objects. [SEP] The more massive bowling ball is also harder to move because of its greater mass
The reason? The more massive bowling ball is also harder to move because of its greater mass, so it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the soccer ball. This is true of all falling objects. [SEP] it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the soccer ball .
The reason? The more massive bowling ball is also harder to move because of its greater mass, so it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the soccer ball. This is true of all falling objects. [SEP] its greater mass
The reason? The more massive bowling ball is also harder to move because of its greater mass, so it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the soccer ball. This is true of all falling objects. [SEP] The more massive bowling ball is also harder to move
This is true of all falling objects. They all accelerate at the same rate due to gravity, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn because of the leafs greater surface area. [SEP] gravity
This is true of all falling objects. They all accelerate at the same rate due to gravity, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn because of the leafs greater surface area. [SEP] unless air resistance affects one object more than another .
They all accelerate at the same rate due to gravity, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn because of the leafs greater surface area. Q: [SEP] the leafs greater surface area
They all accelerate at the same rate due to gravity, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn because of the leafs greater surface area. Q: [SEP] For example , a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn
Q: If a leaf and an acorn were to fall to the ground in the absence of air (that is, in a vacuum), how would this affect their acceleration due to gravity? A: They would both accelerate at the same rate and reach the ground at the same time. [SEP] gravity
Q: If a leaf and an acorn were to fall to the ground in the absence of air (that is, in a vacuum), how would this affect their acceleration due to gravity? A: They would both accelerate at the same rate and reach the ground at the same time. [SEP] If a leaf and an acorn were to fall to the ground in the absence of air -LRB- that is , in a vacuum -RRB- , how would this affect their acceleration
The accuracy of a measurement is how close the measurement is to the true value. If you were to hit four different golf balls toward an over-sized hole, all of them might land in the hole. These shots would all be accurate because they all landed in the hole. [SEP] you were to hit four different golf balls toward an over-sized hole
The accuracy of a measurement is how close the measurement is to the true value. If you were to hit four different golf balls toward an over-sized hole, all of them might land in the hole. These shots would all be accurate because they all landed in the hole. [SEP] all of them might land in the hole .
If you were to hit four different golf balls toward an over-sized hole, all of them might land in the hole. These shots would all be accurate because they all landed in the hole. This is illustrated in the sketch below. [SEP] they all landed in the hole .
If you were to hit four different golf balls toward an over-sized hole, all of them might land in the hole. These shots would all be accurate because they all landed in the hole. This is illustrated in the sketch below. [SEP] These shots would all be accurate
Each one landed in a different part of the hole. Therefore, these shots are not very precise. The precision of measurements is how close they are to each other. [SEP] Each one landed in a different part of the hole
Each one landed in a different part of the hole. Therefore, these shots are not very precise. The precision of measurements is how close they are to each other. [SEP] these shots are not very precise .
The precision of measurements is how close they are to each other. If you make the same measurement twice, the answers are precise if they are the same or at least very close to one another. The golf balls in the sketch below landed quite close together in a cluster, so they would be considered precise. [SEP] you make the same measurement twice
The precision of measurements is how close they are to each other. If you make the same measurement twice, the answers are precise if they are the same or at least very close to one another. The golf balls in the sketch below landed quite close together in a cluster, so they would be considered precise. [SEP] the answers are precise if they are the same or at least very close to one another .
The precision of measurements is how close they are to each other. If you make the same measurement twice, the answers are precise if they are the same or at least very close to one another. The golf balls in the sketch below landed quite close together in a cluster, so they would be considered precise. [SEP] they are the same or at least very close to one another .
The precision of measurements is how close they are to each other. If you make the same measurement twice, the answers are precise if they are the same or at least very close to one another. The golf balls in the sketch below landed quite close together in a cluster, so they would be considered precise. [SEP] the answers are precise
If you make the same measurement twice, the answers are precise if they are the same or at least very close to one another. The golf balls in the sketch below landed quite close together in a cluster, so they would be considered precise. However, they are all far from the hole, so they are not accurate. [SEP] The golf balls in the sketch below landed quite close together in a cluster
If you make the same measurement twice, the answers are precise if they are the same or at least very close to one another. The golf balls in the sketch below landed quite close together in a cluster, so they would be considered precise. However, they are all far from the hole, so they are not accurate. [SEP] they would be considered precise .
The golf balls in the sketch below landed quite close together in a cluster, so they would be considered precise. However, they are all far from the hole, so they are not accurate. Q: If you were to hit four golf balls toward a hole and your shots were both accurate and precise, where would the balls land? [SEP] , they are all far from the hole
The golf balls in the sketch below landed quite close together in a cluster, so they would be considered precise. However, they are all far from the hole, so they are not accurate. Q: If you were to hit four golf balls toward a hole and your shots were both accurate and precise, where would the balls land? [SEP] they are not accurate .
An acid is a compound that produces positive hydrogen ions (H+ ) and negative nonmetal ions when it dissolves in water. (Ions are atoms that have become charged by losing or gaining electrons.) Hydrochloric acid (HCl) is an example of an acid. [SEP] losing or gaining electrons
An acid is a compound that produces positive hydrogen ions (H+ ) and negative nonmetal ions when it dissolves in water. (Ions are atoms that have become charged by losing or gaining electrons.) Hydrochloric acid (HCl) is an example of an acid. [SEP] Ions are atoms that have become charged
When an acid and a base react, the reaction is called a neutralization reaction. Thats because the reaction produces neutral products. Water is always one product, and a salt is also produced. [SEP] the reaction produces neutral products .
When an acid and a base react, the reaction is called a neutralization reaction. Thats because the reaction produces neutral products. Water is always one product, and a salt is also produced. [SEP] an acid and a base react , the reaction is called a neutralization reaction . Thats
You have probably used activation energy to start a chemical reaction. For example, if youve ever struck a match to light it, then you provided the activation energy needed to start a combustion reaction. When you struck the match on the box, the friction started the match head burning. [SEP] youve ever struck a match to light
You have probably used activation energy to start a chemical reaction. For example, if youve ever struck a match to light it, then you provided the activation energy needed to start a combustion reaction. When you struck the match on the box, the friction started the match head burning. [SEP] then you provided the activation energy needed to start a combustion reaction .
Combustion is exothermic. Once a match starts to burn, it releases enough energy to activate the next reaction, and the next, and so on. However, the match wont burst into flames on its own. [SEP] Once a match starts to burn , it releases enough energy to activate the next reaction , and the next
Combustion is exothermic. Once a match starts to burn, it releases enough energy to activate the next reaction, and the next, and so on. However, the match wont burst into flames on its own. [SEP] on . However , the match wont burst into flames on its own
They are called endothermic reactions. Other chemical reactions release energy when they occur, so they can keep going without any added energy. They are called exothermic reactions. [SEP] Other chemical reactions release energy when they occur
They are called endothermic reactions. Other chemical reactions release energy when they occur, so they can keep going without any added energy. They are called exothermic reactions. [SEP] they can keep going without any added energy .
A reaction wont occur unless atoms or molecules of reactants come together. This happens only if the particles are moving, and movement takes energy. Often, reactants have to overcome forces that push them apart. [SEP] the particles are moving
A reaction wont occur unless atoms or molecules of reactants come together. This happens only if the particles are moving, and movement takes energy. Often, reactants have to overcome forces that push them apart. [SEP] and movement takes energy .
 All alkaline Earth metals have similar properties because they all have two valence electrons. They readily give up their two valence electrons to achieve a full outer energy level, which is the most stable arrangement of electrons. [SEP] they all have two valence electrons .
 All alkaline Earth metals have similar properties because they all have two valence electrons. They readily give up their two valence electrons to achieve a full outer energy level, which is the most stable arrangement of electrons. [SEP] All alkaline Earth metals have similar properties
They readily give up their two valence electrons to achieve a full outer energy level, which is the most stable arrangement of electrons. As a result, they are very reactive, although not quite as reactive as the alkali metals in group 1. For example, alkaline Earth metals will react with cold water, but not explosively as alkali metals do. [SEP] They readily give up their two valence electrons to achieve a full outer energy level , which is the most stable arrangement of electrons
They readily give up their two valence electrons to achieve a full outer energy level, which is the most stable arrangement of electrons. As a result, they are very reactive, although not quite as reactive as the alkali metals in group 1. For example, alkaline Earth metals will react with cold water, but not explosively as alkali metals do. [SEP] they are very reactive , although not quite as reactive as the alkali metals in group 1 .
As a result, they are very reactive, although not quite as reactive as the alkali metals in group 1. For example, alkaline Earth metals will react with cold water, but not explosively as alkali metals do. Because of their reactivity, alkaline Earth metals never exist as pure substances in nature. [SEP] alkali metals do .
As a result, they are very reactive, although not quite as reactive as the alkali metals in group 1. For example, alkaline Earth metals will react with cold water, but not explosively as alkali metals do. Because of their reactivity, alkaline Earth metals never exist as pure substances in nature. [SEP] As a result , they are very reactive , although not quite as reactive as the alkali metals in group 1 . For example , alkaline Earth metals will react with cold water , but not explosively
For example, alkaline Earth metals will react with cold water, but not explosively as alkali metals do. Because of their reactivity, alkaline Earth metals never exist as pure substances in nature. Instead, they are always found combined with other elements. [SEP] For example , alkaline Earth metals will react with cold water , but not explosively as alkali metals do
For example, alkaline Earth metals will react with cold water, but not explosively as alkali metals do. Because of their reactivity, alkaline Earth metals never exist as pure substances in nature. Instead, they are always found combined with other elements. [SEP] , alkaline Earth metals never exist as pure substances in nature .
The reactivity of alkaline Earth metals increases from the top to the bottom of the group. Thats because the atoms get bigger from the top to the bottom, so the valence electrons are farther from the nucleus. When valence electrons are farther from the nucleus, they are attracted less strongly by the nucleus and more easily removed from the atom. [SEP] Thats because the atoms get bigger from the top to the bottom
The reactivity of alkaline Earth metals increases from the top to the bottom of the group. Thats because the atoms get bigger from the top to the bottom, so the valence electrons are farther from the nucleus. When valence electrons are farther from the nucleus, they are attracted less strongly by the nucleus and more easily removed from the atom. [SEP] the valence electrons are farther from the nucleus .
The skeleton of the average adult contains about a kilogram of calcium. Because calciumlike bariumabsorbs x-rays, bones show up white in x-ray images. Calcium is an important component of a healthy human diet. [SEP] calciumlike bariumabsorbs x-rays
The skeleton of the average adult contains about a kilogram of calcium. Because calciumlike bariumabsorbs x-rays, bones show up white in x-ray images. Calcium is an important component of a healthy human diet. [SEP] bones show up white in x-ray images .
Gold" bracelet: Pure gold is relatively soft, so it is rarely used for jewelry. Most "gold" jewelry is actually made of an alloy of gold, copper and silver. [SEP] Pure gold is relatively soft
Gold" bracelet: Pure gold is relatively soft, so it is rarely used for jewelry. Most "gold" jewelry is actually made of an alloy of gold, copper and silver. [SEP] it is rarely used for jewelry .
The other elements may be metals, nonmetals, or both. An alloy is formed by melting a metal and dissolving the other elements in it. The molten solution is then allowed to cool and harden. [SEP] melting a metal and dissolving the other elements in it
The other elements may be metals, nonmetals, or both. An alloy is formed by melting a metal and dissolving the other elements in it. The molten solution is then allowed to cool and harden. [SEP] An alloy is formed
Several examples of alloys are described and pictured below. If you have braces on your teeth, you might even have this alloy in your mouth! Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] you have braces on your teeth
Several examples of alloys are described and pictured below. If you have braces on your teeth, you might even have this alloy in your mouth! Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] you might even have this alloy in your mouth !
All types of radioactive decay pose risks to living things, but alpha decay is the least dangerous. Thats because alpha particles are relatively heavy, so they can travel only a few centimeters through the air. They also are not very penetrating. [SEP] Thats because alpha particles are relatively heavy
All types of radioactive decay pose risks to living things, but alpha decay is the least dangerous. Thats because alpha particles are relatively heavy, so they can travel only a few centimeters through the air. They also are not very penetrating. [SEP] they can travel only a few centimeters through the air .
They may burn the skin, but they cant penetrate to the tissues underneath the skin. However, if alpha particles are emitted inside the body, they can do more damage. One way this can happen is by inhaling cigarette smoke. [SEP] alpha particles are emitted inside the body
They may burn the skin, but they cant penetrate to the tissues underneath the skin. However, if alpha particles are emitted inside the body, they can do more damage. One way this can happen is by inhaling cigarette smoke. [SEP] they can do more damage .
However, if alpha particles are emitted inside the body, they can do more damage. One way this can happen is by inhaling cigarette smoke. People who smoke actually inhale the radioactive element polonium-210. [SEP] inhaling cigarette smoke
However, if alpha particles are emitted inside the body, they can do more damage. One way this can happen is by inhaling cigarette smoke. People who smoke actually inhale the radioactive element polonium-210. [SEP] One way this can happen is
 Alpha decay occurs when a nucleus is unstable because it has too many protons. The Figure 1.1 shows what happens during alpha decay. [SEP] it has too many protons .
 Alpha decay occurs when a nucleus is unstable because it has too many protons. The Figure 1.1 shows what happens during alpha decay. [SEP] Alpha decay occurs when a nucleus is unstable
 Radioactive nuclei and particles are represented by nuclear symbols that indicate their numbers of protons and neutrons. For example, an alpha particle (helium nucleus) is represented by the symbol 42 [SEP] Radioactive nuclei and particles are represented by nuclear symbols
 Radioactive nuclei and particles are represented by nuclear symbols that indicate their numbers of protons and neutrons. For example, an alpha particle (helium nucleus) is represented by the symbol 42 [SEP] their numbers of protons and neutrons
He + Energy If you count the number of protons (subscripts) as well as the number of protons plus neutrons (superscripts), youll see that the total numbers are the same on both sides of the arrow. This means that the equation is balanced. [SEP] you count the number of protons -LRB- subscripts -RRB- as well as the number of protons plus neutrons -LRB- superscripts -RRB-
He + Energy If you count the number of protons (subscripts) as well as the number of protons plus neutrons (superscripts), youll see that the total numbers are the same on both sides of the arrow. This means that the equation is balanced. [SEP] youll see that the total numbers are the same on both sides of the arrow .
This means that the equation is balanced. The thorium-234 produced in this reaction is also unstable, so it will undergo radioactive decay as well. The alpha particle (42 He) produced in the reaction can join with two free electrons to form the element helium. [SEP] The thorium-234 produced in this reaction is also unstable
This means that the equation is balanced. The thorium-234 produced in this reaction is also unstable, so it will undergo radioactive decay as well. The alpha particle (42 He) produced in the reaction can join with two free electrons to form the element helium. [SEP] it will undergo radioactive decay as well .
The cruise ship pictured in the opening image is extremely heavy, yet it stays afloat. If a steel ball with the same weight as the ship were placed in water, it would sink to the bottom. This is modeled in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] a steel ball with the same weight as the ship were placed in water
The cruise ship pictured in the opening image is extremely heavy, yet it stays afloat. If a steel ball with the same weight as the ship were placed in water, it would sink to the bottom. This is modeled in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] it would sink to the bottom .
This is modeled in the Figure 1.1. The reason the ball sinks is that its shape is very compact, so it displaces relatively little water. The volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball itself, so the buoyant force is not as great as the force of gravity pulling down on the ball. [SEP] The reason the ball sinks is that its shape is very compact
This is modeled in the Figure 1.1. The reason the ball sinks is that its shape is very compact, so it displaces relatively little water. The volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball itself, so the buoyant force is not as great as the force of gravity pulling down on the ball. [SEP] it displaces relatively little water .
The reason the ball sinks is that its shape is very compact, so it displaces relatively little water. The volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball itself, so the buoyant force is not as great as the force of gravity pulling down on the ball. Thus, the ball sinks. [SEP] The volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball itself
The reason the ball sinks is that its shape is very compact, so it displaces relatively little water. The volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball itself, so the buoyant force is not as great as the force of gravity pulling down on the ball. Thus, the ball sinks. [SEP] the buoyant force is not as great as the force of gravity pulling down on the ball .
The volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball itself, so the buoyant force is not as great as the force of gravity pulling down on the ball. Thus, the ball sinks. Now look at the ships hull in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball itself , so the buoyant force is not as great as the force of gravity pulling down on the ball
The volume of water displaced by the steel ball weighs less than the ball itself, so the buoyant force is not as great as the force of gravity pulling down on the ball. Thus, the ball sinks. Now look at the ships hull in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] , the ball sinks .
In fact, the weight of the displaced water is greater than the weight of the ship. As a result, the buoyant force is greater than the force of gravity acting on the ship, so the ship floats. Q: Why might you be more likely to float in water if you stretch out your body rather than curl up into a ball? [SEP] As a result , the buoyant force is greater than the force of gravity acting on the ship
In fact, the weight of the displaced water is greater than the weight of the ship. As a result, the buoyant force is greater than the force of gravity acting on the ship, so the ship floats. Q: Why might you be more likely to float in water if you stretch out your body rather than curl up into a ball? [SEP] the ship floats .
As a result, the buoyant force is greater than the force of gravity acting on the ship, so the ship floats. Q: Why might you be more likely to float in water if you stretch out your body rather than curl up into a ball? A: You would displace more water by stretching out your body, so there would be more buoyant force acting on it. [SEP] you stretch out your body rather than curl up into a ball ?
As a result, the buoyant force is greater than the force of gravity acting on the ship, so the ship floats. Q: Why might you be more likely to float in water if you stretch out your body rather than curl up into a ball? A: You would displace more water by stretching out your body, so there would be more buoyant force acting on it. [SEP] might you be more likely to float in water
Q: Why might you be more likely to float in water if you stretch out your body rather than curl up into a ball? A: You would displace more water by stretching out your body, so there would be more buoyant force acting on it. Therefore, you would be more likely to float in this position. [SEP] : You would displace more water by stretching out your body
Q: Why might you be more likely to float in water if you stretch out your body rather than curl up into a ball? A: You would displace more water by stretching out your body, so there would be more buoyant force acting on it. Therefore, you would be more likely to float in this position. [SEP] there would be more buoyant force acting on it .
Q: Why might you be more likely to float in water if you stretch out your body rather than curl up into a ball? A: You would displace more water by stretching out your body, so there would be more buoyant force acting on it. Therefore, you would be more likely to float in this position. [SEP] stretching out your body
Q: Why might you be more likely to float in water if you stretch out your body rather than curl up into a ball? A: You would displace more water by stretching out your body, so there would be more buoyant force acting on it. Therefore, you would be more likely to float in this position. [SEP] You would displace more water
A: You would displace more water by stretching out your body, so there would be more buoyant force acting on it. Therefore, you would be more likely to float in this position.  [SEP] : You would displace more water by stretching out your body , so there would be more buoyant force acting on it
A: You would displace more water by stretching out your body, so there would be more buoyant force acting on it. Therefore, you would be more likely to float in this position.  [SEP] you would be more likely to float in this position .
He observed that both a body and the water in a tub cant occupy the same space at the same time. As a result, some of the water is displaced, or moved out of the way. How much water is displaced? [SEP] He observed that both a body and the water in a tub cant occupy the same space at the same time
He observed that both a body and the water in a tub cant occupy the same space at the same time. As a result, some of the water is displaced, or moved out of the way. How much water is displaced? [SEP] some of the water is displaced , or moved out of the way .
Archimedes determined that the volume of displaced water equals the volume of the submerged object. So more water is displaced by a bigger body than a smaller one. Q: If you jump into swimming pool, how much water does your body displace? [SEP] Archimedes determined that the volume of displaced water equals the volume of the submerged object
Archimedes determined that the volume of displaced water equals the volume of the submerged object. So more water is displaced by a bigger body than a smaller one. Q: If you jump into swimming pool, how much water does your body displace? [SEP] more water is displaced by a bigger body than a smaller one .
 Objects such as ships may float in a fluid like water because of buoyant force. This is an upward force that a fluid exerts on any object that is placed in it. [SEP] Objects such as ships may float in a fluid like water
 Objects such as ships may float in a fluid like water because of buoyant force. This is an upward force that a fluid exerts on any object that is placed in it. [SEP] . This is an upward force that a fluid exerts on any object that is placed in it
The bulbs are very bright and long lasting so they are a good choice for these places.  [SEP] The bulbs are very bright and long lasting
The bulbs are very bright and long lasting so they are a good choice for these places.  [SEP] they are a good choice for these places .
When electricity passes through the gas, it excites electrons of neon atoms, and the electrons jump to a higher energy level. As the excited electrons return to their original energy level, they give off visible light. Neon produces red light. [SEP] the excited electrons return to their original energy level , they give off visible light .
When electricity passes through the gas, it excites electrons of neon atoms, and the electrons jump to a higher energy level. As the excited electrons return to their original energy level, they give off visible light. Neon produces red light. [SEP] and the electrons jump to a higher energy level .
Q: Some light bulbs produce a lot of heat in addition to visible light, so they waste energy. Other bulbs produce much less heat, so they use energy more efficiently. [SEP] Some light bulbs produce a lot of heat in addition to visible light
Q: Some light bulbs produce a lot of heat in addition to visible light, so they waste energy. Other bulbs produce much less heat, so they use energy more efficiently. [SEP] they waste energy .
Some light bulbs produce a lot of heat in addition to visible light, so they waste energy. Other bulbs produce much less heat, so they use energy more efficiently. Which light bulbs described above would you place in each category? [SEP] Other bulbs produce much less heat
Some light bulbs produce a lot of heat in addition to visible light, so they waste energy. Other bulbs produce much less heat, so they use energy more efficiently. Which light bulbs described above would you place in each category? [SEP] they use energy more efficiently .
A: Incandescent light bulbs, which produce light by incandescence, give off a lot of heat as well as light, so they waste energy. The other light bulbs produce light by some type of luminescence, in which light is produced without heat. [SEP] Incandescent light bulbs , which produce light by incandescence , give off a lot of heat as well as light
A: Incandescent light bulbs, which produce light by incandescence, give off a lot of heat as well as light, so they waste energy. The other light bulbs produce light by some type of luminescence, in which light is produced without heat. [SEP] they waste energy .
An incandescent light bulb like the one pictured in the Figure 1.1 produces visible light by incandescence. Incan- descence occurs when something gets so hot that it glows. An incandescent light bulb contains a thin wire filament made of tungsten. [SEP] Incan - descence occurs when something gets so hot
An incandescent light bulb like the one pictured in the Figure 1.1 produces visible light by incandescence. Incan- descence occurs when something gets so hot that it glows. An incandescent light bulb contains a thin wire filament made of tungsten. [SEP] it glows .
This force is transferred between charged particles of matter by fundamental force-carrying particles called photons. Because of electromagnetic force, particles with opposite charges attract each other and particles with the same charge repel each other. Inside the atom, two types of subatomic particles have electric charge: electrons, which have an electric charge of -1, and protons, which have an opposite but equal electric charge of +1. [SEP] This force is transferred between charged particles of matter by fundamental force-carrying particles called photons
This force is transferred between charged particles of matter by fundamental force-carrying particles called photons. Because of electromagnetic force, particles with opposite charges attract each other and particles with the same charge repel each other. Inside the atom, two types of subatomic particles have electric charge: electrons, which have an electric charge of -1, and protons, which have an opposite but equal electric charge of +1. [SEP] , particles with opposite charges attract each other and particles with the same charge repel each other .
(There are also neutrons in the nucleus, but they have no electric charge.) Negative electrons stay in the area surrounding the positive nucleus because of the electromagnetic force of attraction between them. Q: Why do you think protons cluster together in the nucleus of the atom instead of repelling each other because of their like charges? [SEP] Negative electrons stay in the area surrounding the positive nucleus
(There are also neutrons in the nucleus, but they have no electric charge.) Negative electrons stay in the area surrounding the positive nucleus because of the electromagnetic force of attraction between them. Q: Why do you think protons cluster together in the nucleus of the atom instead of repelling each other because of their like charges? [SEP] . Q : Why do you think protons cluster together in the nucleus of the atom instead of repelling each other because of their like
Negative electrons stay in the area surrounding the positive nucleus because of the electromagnetic force of attraction between them. Q: Why do you think protons cluster together in the nucleus of the atom instead of repelling each other because of their like charges? A: The electromagnetic force of repulsion between positively charged protons is overcome by a stronger force, called the strong nuclear force. [SEP] Q : Why do you think protons cluster together in the nucleus of the atom instead of repelling each other
Negative electrons stay in the area surrounding the positive nucleus because of the electromagnetic force of attraction between them. Q: Why do you think protons cluster together in the nucleus of the atom instead of repelling each other because of their like charges? A: The electromagnetic force of repulsion between positively charged protons is overcome by a stronger force, called the strong nuclear force. [SEP] ? A : The electromagnetic force of repulsion between positively charged protons is overcome by a stronger force , called the strong nuclear
A: The resulting atom represents a different element. Thats because each element has a unique number of protons. For example, all atoms of helium have two protons. [SEP] each element has a unique number of protons .
A: The resulting atom represents a different element. Thats because each element has a unique number of protons. For example, all atoms of helium have two protons. [SEP] resulting atom represents a different element . Thats
For example, all atoms of helium have two protons. If one of the protons in a helium atom changes to a neutron, the resulting atom would have just one proton, so the atom would no longer be a helium atom. Instead it would be a hydrogen atom, because all hydrogen atoms have a single proton. [SEP] If one of the protons in a helium atom changes to a neutron , the resulting atom would have just one proton
For example, all atoms of helium have two protons. If one of the protons in a helium atom changes to a neutron, the resulting atom would have just one proton, so the atom would no longer be a helium atom. Instead it would be a hydrogen atom, because all hydrogen atoms have a single proton. [SEP] the atom would no longer be a helium atom .
If one of the protons in a helium atom changes to a neutron, the resulting atom would have just one proton, so the atom would no longer be a helium atom. Instead it would be a hydrogen atom, because all hydrogen atoms have a single proton.  [SEP] all hydrogen atoms have a single proton .
If one of the protons in a helium atom changes to a neutron, the resulting atom would have just one proton, so the atom would no longer be a helium atom. Instead it would be a hydrogen atom, because all hydrogen atoms have a single proton.  [SEP] Instead it would be a hydrogen atom
The strong nuclear force works only over very short distances. As a result, it isnt effective if the nucleus gets too big. As more protons are added to the nucleus, the electromagnetic force of repulsion between them gets stronger, while the strong nuclear force of attraction between them gets weaker. [SEP] The strong nuclear force works only over very short distances
The strong nuclear force works only over very short distances. As a result, it isnt effective if the nucleus gets too big. As more protons are added to the nucleus, the electromagnetic force of repulsion between them gets stronger, while the strong nuclear force of attraction between them gets weaker. [SEP] it isnt effective if the nucleus gets too big .
As a result, it isnt effective if the nucleus gets too big. As more protons are added to the nucleus, the electromagnetic force of repulsion between them gets stronger, while the strong nuclear force of attraction between them gets weaker. This puts an upper limit on the number of protons an atom can have and remain stable. [SEP] more protons are added to the nucleus , the electromagnetic force of repulsion between them gets stronger , while the strong nuclear force of attraction between them gets weaker .
As a result, it isnt effective if the nucleus gets too big. As more protons are added to the nucleus, the electromagnetic force of repulsion between them gets stronger, while the strong nuclear force of attraction between them gets weaker. This puts an upper limit on the number of protons an atom can have and remain stable. [SEP] As a result , it isnt effective if the nucleus gets too big .
This puts an upper limit on the number of protons an atom can have and remain stable. If atoms have more than 83 protons, the electromagnetic repulsion between them is greater than the strong nuclear force of attraction between them. This makes the nucleus unstable, or radioactive, so it breaks down. [SEP] atoms have more than 83 protons
This puts an upper limit on the number of protons an atom can have and remain stable. If atoms have more than 83 protons, the electromagnetic repulsion between them is greater than the strong nuclear force of attraction between them. This makes the nucleus unstable, or radioactive, so it breaks down. [SEP] the electromagnetic repulsion between them is greater than the strong nuclear force of attraction between them .
If atoms have more than 83 protons, the electromagnetic repulsion between them is greater than the strong nuclear force of attraction between them. This makes the nucleus unstable, or radioactive, so it breaks down. The following video discusses the strong nuclear force and its role in the atom. [SEP] This makes the nucleus unstable , or radioactive
If atoms have more than 83 protons, the electromagnetic repulsion between them is greater than the strong nuclear force of attraction between them. This makes the nucleus unstable, or radioactive, so it breaks down. The following video discusses the strong nuclear force and its role in the atom. [SEP] it breaks down .
Its radius is only about 1/100,000 of the total radius of the atom. If an atom were the size of a football stadium, the nucleus would be about the size of a pea! Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] an atom were the size of a football stadium
Its radius is only about 1/100,000 of the total radius of the atom. If an atom were the size of a football stadium, the nucleus would be about the size of a pea! Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the nucleus would be about the size of a pea !
Electrons have virtually no mass, but protons and neutrons have a lot of mass for their size. As a result, the nucleus has virtually all the mass of an atom. Given its great mass and tiny size, the nucleus is very dense. [SEP] Electrons have virtually no mass , but protons and neutrons have a lot of mass for their size
Electrons have virtually no mass, but protons and neutrons have a lot of mass for their size. As a result, the nucleus has virtually all the mass of an atom. Given its great mass and tiny size, the nucleus is very dense. [SEP] the nucleus has virtually all the mass of an atom .
Given its great mass and tiny size, the nucleus is very dense. If an object the size of a penny had the same density as the nucleus of an atom, its mass would be greater than 30 million tons! Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the nucleus of an atom , its mass would be greater than 30 million tons !
Given its great mass and tiny size, the nucleus is very dense. If an object the size of a penny had the same density as the nucleus of an atom, its mass would be greater than 30 million tons! Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the size of a penny had the same density
This means that the positive protons in the nucleus push apart from one another. So why doesnt the nucleus fly apart? An even stronger forcecalled the strong nuclear forceholds protons and neutrons together in the nucleus. [SEP] This means that the positive protons in the nucleus push apart from one another
This means that the positive protons in the nucleus push apart from one another. So why doesnt the nucleus fly apart? An even stronger forcecalled the strong nuclear forceholds protons and neutrons together in the nucleus. [SEP] why doesnt the nucleus fly apart ?
The number of protons in an atom is called its atomic number. This number is very important because it is unique for atoms of a given element. All atoms of an element have the same number of protons, and every element has a different number of protons in its atoms. [SEP] it is unique for atoms of a given element .
The number of protons in an atom is called its atomic number. This number is very important because it is unique for atoms of a given element. All atoms of an element have the same number of protons, and every element has a different number of protons in its atoms. [SEP] This number is very important
The atomic number of an element is usually written in front of and slightly below the elements symbol, like in the Figure 1.2 for helium. Atoms are neutral in electrical charge because they have the same number of negative electrons as positive protons. Therefore, the atomic number of an atom also tells you how many electrons the atom has. [SEP] they have the same number of negative electrons as positive protons .
The atomic number of an element is usually written in front of and slightly below the elements symbol, like in the Figure 1.2 for helium. Atoms are neutral in electrical charge because they have the same number of negative electrons as positive protons. Therefore, the atomic number of an atom also tells you how many electrons the atom has. [SEP] Atoms are neutral in electrical charge
Atoms are neutral in electrical charge because they have the same number of negative electrons as positive protons. Therefore, the atomic number of an atom also tells you how many electrons the atom has. This, in turn, determines many of the atoms properties. [SEP] Atoms are neutral in electrical charge because they have the same number of negative electrons as positive protons
Atoms are neutral in electrical charge because they have the same number of negative electrons as positive protons. Therefore, the atomic number of an atom also tells you how many electrons the atom has. This, in turn, determines many of the atoms properties. [SEP] the atomic number of an atom also tells you how many electrons the atom has .
One atomic mass unit is the mass of a proton, or about 1.67 1027 kilograms, which is an extremely small mass. A neutron has just a tiny bit more mass than a proton, so its mass is often assumed to be one atomic mass unit as well. Because electrons have virtually no mass, just about all the mass of an atom is in its protons and neutrons. [SEP] A neutron has just a tiny bit more mass than a proton
One atomic mass unit is the mass of a proton, or about 1.67 1027 kilograms, which is an extremely small mass. A neutron has just a tiny bit more mass than a proton, so its mass is often assumed to be one atomic mass unit as well. Because electrons have virtually no mass, just about all the mass of an atom is in its protons and neutrons. [SEP] its mass is often assumed to be one atomic mass unit as well .
A neutron has just a tiny bit more mass than a proton, so its mass is often assumed to be one atomic mass unit as well. Because electrons have virtually no mass, just about all the mass of an atom is in its protons and neutrons. Therefore, the total number of protons and neutrons in an atom determines its mass in atomic mass units. [SEP] electrons have virtually no mass
A neutron has just a tiny bit more mass than a proton, so its mass is often assumed to be one atomic mass unit as well. Because electrons have virtually no mass, just about all the mass of an atom is in its protons and neutrons. Therefore, the total number of protons and neutrons in an atom determines its mass in atomic mass units. [SEP] just about all the mass of an atom is in its protons and neutrons .
Because electrons have virtually no mass, just about all the mass of an atom is in its protons and neutrons. Therefore, the total number of protons and neutrons in an atom determines its mass in atomic mass units. Consider helium again. [SEP] Because electrons have virtually no mass , just about all the mass of an atom is in its protons and neutrons
Because electrons have virtually no mass, just about all the mass of an atom is in its protons and neutrons. Therefore, the total number of protons and neutrons in an atom determines its mass in atomic mass units. Consider helium again. [SEP] the total number of protons and neutrons in an atom determines its mass in atomic mass units .
Most helium atoms have two neutrons in addition to two protons. Therefore the mass of most helium atoms is 4 atomic mass units (2 amu for the protons + 2 amu for the neutrons). However, some helium atoms have more or less than two neutrons. [SEP] Most helium atoms have two neutrons in addition to two protons
Most helium atoms have two neutrons in addition to two protons. Therefore the mass of most helium atoms is 4 atomic mass units (2 amu for the protons + 2 amu for the neutrons). However, some helium atoms have more or less than two neutrons. [SEP] the mass of most helium atoms is 4 atomic mass units -LRB- 2 amu for the protons + 2 amu for the neutrons -RRB- .
Atoms with the same number of protons but different numbers of neutrons are called isotopes. Because the number of neutrons can vary for a given element, the mass numbers of different atoms of an element may also vary. For example, some helium atoms have three neutrons instead of two. [SEP] the number of neutrons can vary for a given element
Atoms with the same number of protons but different numbers of neutrons are called isotopes. Because the number of neutrons can vary for a given element, the mass numbers of different atoms of an element may also vary. For example, some helium atoms have three neutrons instead of two. [SEP] the mass numbers of different atoms of an element may also vary .
For example, some helium atoms have three neutrons instead of two. Therefore, they have a different mass number than the one given in the box above. Q: What is the mass number of a helium atom that has three neutrons? [SEP] For example , some helium atoms have three neutrons instead of two
For example, some helium atoms have three neutrons instead of two. Therefore, they have a different mass number than the one given in the box above. Q: What is the mass number of a helium atom that has three neutrons? [SEP] they have a different mass number than the one given in the box above .
Its important to be able to distinguish atoms of one element from atoms of other elements. Elements are pure substances that make up all other matter, so each one is given a unique name. The names of elements are also represented by unique one- or two-letter symbols, such as H for hydrogen, C for carbon, and He for helium. [SEP] Elements are pure substances that make up all other matter
Its important to be able to distinguish atoms of one element from atoms of other elements. Elements are pure substances that make up all other matter, so each one is given a unique name. The names of elements are also represented by unique one- or two-letter symbols, such as H for hydrogen, C for carbon, and He for helium. [SEP] each one is given a unique name .
The symbol comes from the Latin name for potassium, which is kalium. The symbols in the table above would be more useful if they revealed more information about the atoms they represent. For example, it would be useful to know the numbers of protons and neutrons in the atoms. [SEP] they revealed more information about the atoms they represent .
The symbol comes from the Latin name for potassium, which is kalium. The symbols in the table above would be more useful if they revealed more information about the atoms they represent. For example, it would be useful to know the numbers of protons and neutrons in the atoms. [SEP] The symbols in the table above would be more useful
In this reaction, the reactants are hydrogen and oxygen and the product is water. To write the chemical equation for this reaction, you would start by writing the reactants on the left and the product on the right, with an arrow between them to show the direction in which the reaction occurs: Equation 1: H2 + O2  H2 [SEP] writing the reactants on the left and the product on the right
In this reaction, the reactants are hydrogen and oxygen and the product is water. To write the chemical equation for this reaction, you would start by writing the reactants on the left and the product on the right, with an arrow between them to show the direction in which the reaction occurs: Equation 1: H2 + O2  H2 [SEP] , with an arrow between them to show the direction in which the reaction
This means that there must be the same number of each type of atom on both sides of the arrow. Thats because mass is always conserved in chemical reactions. Count the number of hydrogen and oxygen atoms on each side of the arrow. [SEP] mass is always conserved in chemical reactions .
This means that there must be the same number of each type of atom on both sides of the arrow. Thats because mass is always conserved in chemical reactions. Count the number of hydrogen and oxygen atoms on each side of the arrow. [SEP] means that there must be the same number of each type of atom on both sides of the arrow . Thats
There are two oxygen atoms in the reactants but only one in the product. Therefore, equation 1 is not balanced.  [SEP] There are two oxygen atoms in the reactants but only one in the product
There are two oxygen atoms in the reactants but only one in the product. Therefore, equation 1 is not balanced.  [SEP] equation 1 is not balanced .
First count the nitrogen atoms on both sides of the arrow. There are two nitrogen atoms in the reactants so there must be two in the products as well. Place the coefficient 2 in front of NH3 to balance nitrogen: N2 + H2  2 NH3 [SEP] There are two nitrogen atoms in the reactants
First count the nitrogen atoms on both sides of the arrow. There are two nitrogen atoms in the reactants so there must be two in the products as well. Place the coefficient 2 in front of NH3 to balance nitrogen: N2 + H2  2 NH3 [SEP] there must be two in the products as well .
Now count the hydrogen atoms on both sides of the arrow. There are six hydrogen atoms in the products so there must also be six in the reactants. Place the coefficient 3 in front of H2 to balance hydrogen: N2 + 3 H2  2 NH3 [SEP] There are six hydrogen atoms in the products
Now count the hydrogen atoms on both sides of the arrow. There are six hydrogen atoms in the products so there must also be six in the reactants. Place the coefficient 3 in front of H2 to balance hydrogen: N2 + 3 H2  2 NH3 [SEP] there must also be six in the reactants .
It shows how many atoms or molecules of the substance are involved in the reaction. For example, two molecules of hydrogen would be written as 2 H2 , and two molecules of water would be written 2 H2 O. A coefficient of 1 usually isnt written. Coefficients can be used to balance equation 1 (above) as follows: [SEP] 2 H2 , and two molecules of water would be written 2 H2 O .
It shows how many atoms or molecules of the substance are involved in the reaction. For example, two molecules of hydrogen would be written as 2 H2 , and two molecules of water would be written 2 H2 O. A coefficient of 1 usually isnt written. Coefficients can be used to balance equation 1 (above) as follows: [SEP] For example , two molecules of hydrogen would be written
O Equation 2 shows that two molecules of hydrogen react with one molecule of oxygen to produce two molecules of water. The two molecules of hydrogen each contain two hydrogen atoms and so do the two molecules of water. Therefore, there are now four hydrogen atoms in both reactants and products. [SEP] The two molecules of hydrogen each contain two hydrogen atoms
O Equation 2 shows that two molecules of hydrogen react with one molecule of oxygen to produce two molecules of water. The two molecules of hydrogen each contain two hydrogen atoms and so do the two molecules of water. Therefore, there are now four hydrogen atoms in both reactants and products. [SEP] do the two molecules of water .
The two molecules of hydrogen each contain two hydrogen atoms and so do the two molecules of water. Therefore, there are now four hydrogen atoms in both reactants and products. Q: Is equation 2 balanced? [SEP] The two molecules of hydrogen each contain two hydrogen atoms and so do the two molecules of water
The two molecules of hydrogen each contain two hydrogen atoms and so do the two molecules of water. Therefore, there are now four hydrogen atoms in both reactants and products. Q: Is equation 2 balanced? [SEP] there are now four hydrogen atoms in both reactants and products .
There are also two oxygen atoms in the products, one in each of the two water molecules. Therefore, equation 2 is balanced.  [SEP] There are also two oxygen atoms in the products , one in each of the two water molecules
There are also two oxygen atoms in the products, one in each of the two water molecules. Therefore, equation 2 is balanced.  [SEP] equation 2 is balanced .
Beta-minus decay occurs when a nucleus has too many neutrons relative to protons, and beta-plus decay occurs when a nucleus has too few neutrons relative to protons. Q: Nuclei contain only protons and neutrons, so how can a nucleus emit an electron in beta-minus decay or a positron in beta-plus decay? A: [SEP] Q : Nuclei contain only protons and neutrons
Beta-minus decay occurs when a nucleus has too many neutrons relative to protons, and beta-plus decay occurs when a nucleus has too few neutrons relative to protons. Q: Nuclei contain only protons and neutrons, so how can a nucleus emit an electron in beta-minus decay or a positron in beta-plus decay? A: [SEP] how can a nucleus emit an electron in beta-minus decay or a positron in beta-plus decay ?
In beta-minus decay an atom gains a proton, and it beta-plus decay it loses a proton. In each case, the atom becomes a different element because it has a different number of protons.  [SEP] it has a different number of protons .
In beta-minus decay an atom gains a proton, and it beta-plus decay it loses a proton. In each case, the atom becomes a different element because it has a different number of protons.  [SEP] In each case , the atom becomes a different element
The protactinium- 234 produced in the reaction is also radioactive, so it will decay as well. A nuclear equation is balanced if the total numbers of protons and neutrons are the same on both sides of the arrow. [SEP] 234 produced in the reaction is also radioactive
The protactinium- 234 produced in the reaction is also radioactive, so it will decay as well. A nuclear equation is balanced if the total numbers of protons and neutrons are the same on both sides of the arrow. [SEP] it will decay as well .
234 produced in the reaction is also radioactive, so it will decay as well. A nuclear equation is balanced if the total numbers of protons and neutrons are the same on both sides of the arrow. If you compare the subscripts and superscripts on both sides of the equation above, youll see that they are the same. [SEP] the total numbers of protons and neutrons are the same on both sides of the arrow .
234 produced in the reaction is also radioactive, so it will decay as well. A nuclear equation is balanced if the total numbers of protons and neutrons are the same on both sides of the arrow. If you compare the subscripts and superscripts on both sides of the equation above, youll see that they are the same. [SEP] A nuclear equation is balanced
A nuclear equation is balanced if the total numbers of protons and neutrons are the same on both sides of the arrow. If you compare the subscripts and superscripts on both sides of the equation above, youll see that they are the same. Q: [SEP] you compare the subscripts and superscripts on both sides of the equation above
A nuclear equation is balanced if the total numbers of protons and neutrons are the same on both sides of the arrow. If you compare the subscripts and superscripts on both sides of the equation above, youll see that they are the same. Q: [SEP] youll see that they are the same .
They can also penetrate the skin and damage underlying tissues. They are even more harmful if they are ingested or inhaled.  [SEP] they are ingested or inhaled .
They can also penetrate the skin and damage underlying tissues. They are even more harmful if they are ingested or inhaled.  [SEP] They are even more harmful
Glucose is an example of a biochemical compound. The prefix bio- comes from the Greek word that means life. A biochemical compound is any carbon-based compound that is found in living things. [SEP] The prefix bio - comes from the Greek word
Glucose is an example of a biochemical compound. The prefix bio- comes from the Greek word that means life. A biochemical compound is any carbon-based compound that is found in living things. [SEP] life
A classic example is the biochemical compound called cytochrome c. It is found in all living organisms because it performs essential life functions. Only slight variations in the molecule exist between closely related species, as you can see in the Figure and the single-celled tetrahymena (pictured in the Figure 1.1), the cytochrome c molecule is nearly 50 percent the same. [SEP] it performs essential life functions .
A classic example is the biochemical compound called cytochrome c. It is found in all living organisms because it performs essential life functions. Only slight variations in the molecule exist between closely related species, as you can see in the Figure and the single-celled tetrahymena (pictured in the Figure 1.1), the cytochrome c molecule is nearly 50 percent the same. [SEP] It is found in all living organisms
It is found in all living organisms because it performs essential life functions. Only slight variations in the molecule exist between closely related species, as you can see in the Figure and the single-celled tetrahymena (pictured in the Figure 1.1), the cytochrome c molecule is nearly 50 percent the same.  [SEP] you can see in the Figure and the single-celled tetrahymena -LRB- pictured in the Figure 1.1 -RRB- , the cytochrome c molecule is nearly 50 percent the same .
It is found in all living organisms because it performs essential life functions. Only slight variations in the molecule exist between closely related species, as you can see in the Figure and the single-celled tetrahymena (pictured in the Figure 1.1), the cytochrome c molecule is nearly 50 percent the same.  [SEP] Only slight variations in the molecule exist between closely related species
: Titin is a protein. You can tell because it contains sulfur, and proteins are the only biochemical compounds that contain this element.  [SEP] it contains sulfur
: Titin is a protein. You can tell because it contains sulfur, and proteins are the only biochemical compounds that contain this element.  [SEP] and proteins are the only biochemical compounds that contain this element .
 Enzymes are proteins that increase the rate of chemical reactions by reducing the amount of activation energy needed for reactants to start reacting. Enzymes are synthesized in the cells that need them, based on instructions encoded in the cells DNA. [SEP] reducing the amount of activation energy needed for reactants to start reacting
 Enzymes are proteins that increase the rate of chemical reactions by reducing the amount of activation energy needed for reactants to start reacting. Enzymes are synthesized in the cells that need them, based on instructions encoded in the cells DNA. [SEP] Enzymes are proteins that increase the rate of chemical reactions
Enzymes are proteins that increase the rate of chemical reactions by reducing the amount of activation energy needed for reactants to start reacting. Enzymes are synthesized in the cells that need them, based on instructions encoded in the cells DNA. Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions they catalyze, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. [SEP] instructions encoded in the cells DNA
Enzymes are proteins that increase the rate of chemical reactions by reducing the amount of activation energy needed for reactants to start reacting. Enzymes are synthesized in the cells that need them, based on instructions encoded in the cells DNA. Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions they catalyze, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. [SEP] Enzymes are synthesized in the cells that need them
Enzymes are synthesized in the cells that need them, based on instructions encoded in the cells DNA. Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions they catalyze, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Enzymes are highly specific for certain chemical reactions, so they are very effective. [SEP] Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions they catalyze
Enzymes are synthesized in the cells that need them, based on instructions encoded in the cells DNA. Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions they catalyze, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Enzymes are highly specific for certain chemical reactions, so they are very effective. [SEP] they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again .
Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions they catalyze, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Enzymes are highly specific for certain chemical reactions, so they are very effective. A reaction that would take years to occur without its enzyme might occur in a split second with the enzyme. [SEP] Enzymes are highly specific for certain chemical reactions
Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions they catalyze, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Enzymes are highly specific for certain chemical reactions, so they are very effective. A reaction that would take years to occur without its enzyme might occur in a split second with the enzyme. [SEP] they are very effective .
A reaction that would take years to occur without its enzyme might occur in a split second with the enzyme. Enzymes are also very efficient, so waste products rarely form.  [SEP] Enzymes are also very efficient
A reaction that would take years to occur without its enzyme might occur in a split second with the enzyme. Enzymes are also very efficient, so waste products rarely form.  [SEP] waste products rarely form .
Together, these two processes provide energy to almost all of Earths organisms. The two processes are closely related, as you can see in the Figure 1.1. In photosynthesis, light energy from the sun is converted to stored chemical energy in glucose. [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.1 .
Together, these two processes provide energy to almost all of Earths organisms. The two processes are closely related, as you can see in the Figure 1.1. In photosynthesis, light energy from the sun is converted to stored chemical energy in glucose. [SEP] The two processes are closely related
For example, complex carbohydrates are broken down to simple sugars. Catabolic reactions release energy, so they are exothermic. Anabolic reactions involve forming bonds. [SEP] Catabolic reactions release energy
For example, complex carbohydrates are broken down to simple sugars. Catabolic reactions release energy, so they are exothermic. Anabolic reactions involve forming bonds. [SEP] they are exothermic .
For example, simple sugars are combined to form complex carbohydrates. Anabolic reactions require energy, so they are endothermic. Q: [SEP] Anabolic reactions require energy
For example, simple sugars are combined to form complex carbohydrates. Anabolic reactions require energy, so they are endothermic. Q: [SEP] they are endothermic .
Thats an amazing number of biochemical reactionsfar more than the number of reactions that might take place in a lab or factory. How can so many biochemical reactions take place simultaneously in our cells? A: So many reactions can occur because biochemical reactions are amazingly fast. [SEP] might take place in a lab or factory . How can
Thats an amazing number of biochemical reactionsfar more than the number of reactions that might take place in a lab or factory. How can so many biochemical reactions take place simultaneously in our cells? A: So many reactions can occur because biochemical reactions are amazingly fast. [SEP] many biochemical reactions take place simultaneously in our cells ?
How can so many biochemical reactions take place simultaneously in our cells? A: So many reactions can occur because biochemical reactions are amazingly fast. Q: [SEP] so many biochemical reactions take place simultaneously in our cells ? A :
How can so many biochemical reactions take place simultaneously in our cells? A: So many reactions can occur because biochemical reactions are amazingly fast. Q: [SEP] many reactions can occur because biochemical reactions are amazingly fast .
Q: In a lab or factory, reactants can be heated to very high temperatures or placed under great pressure so they will react very quickly. These ways of speeding up chemical reactions cant occur inside the delicate cells of living things. [SEP] In a lab or factory , reactants can be heated to very high temperatures or placed under great pressure
Q: In a lab or factory, reactants can be heated to very high temperatures or placed under great pressure so they will react very quickly. These ways of speeding up chemical reactions cant occur inside the delicate cells of living things. [SEP] they will react very quickly .
These ways of speeding up chemical reactions cant occur inside the delicate cells of living things. So how do cells speed up biochemical reactions? A: The answer is enzymes. [SEP] These ways of speeding up chemical reactions cant occur inside the delicate cells of living things
These ways of speeding up chemical reactions cant occur inside the delicate cells of living things. So how do cells speed up biochemical reactions? A: The answer is enzymes. [SEP] how do cells speed up biochemical
As a young man, Bohr worked in Rutherfords lab in England. Because Rutherfords model was weak on the position of the electrons, Bohr focused on them. He hypothesized that electrons can move around the nucleus only at fixed distances from the nucleus based on the amount of energy they have. [SEP] Rutherfords model was weak on the position of the electrons
As a young man, Bohr worked in Rutherfords lab in England. Because Rutherfords model was weak on the position of the electrons, Bohr focused on them. He hypothesized that electrons can move around the nucleus only at fixed distances from the nucleus based on the amount of energy they have. [SEP] Bohr focused on them .
Because Rutherfords model was weak on the position of the electrons, Bohr focused on them. He hypothesized that electrons can move around the nucleus only at fixed distances from the nucleus based on the amount of energy they have. He called these fixed distances energy levels, or electron shells. [SEP] the amount of energy they have .
Because Rutherfords model was weak on the position of the electrons, Bohr focused on them. He hypothesized that electrons can move around the nucleus only at fixed distances from the nucleus based on the amount of energy they have. He called these fixed distances energy levels, or electron shells. [SEP] He hypothesized that electrons can move around the nucleus only at fixed distances from the nucleus
Those with more energy would be found at higher energy levels, farther from the nucleus. Bohr also hypothesized that if an electron absorbed just the right amount of energy, it would jump to the next higher energy level. Conversely, if it lost the same amount of energy, it would jump back to its original energy level. [SEP] an electron absorbed just the right amount of energy
Those with more energy would be found at higher energy levels, farther from the nucleus. Bohr also hypothesized that if an electron absorbed just the right amount of energy, it would jump to the next higher energy level. Conversely, if it lost the same amount of energy, it would jump back to its original energy level. [SEP] it would jump to the next higher energy level .
Bohr also hypothesized that if an electron absorbed just the right amount of energy, it would jump to the next higher energy level. Conversely, if it lost the same amount of energy, it would jump back to its original energy level. However, an electron could never exist in between two energy levels. [SEP] it lost the same amount of energy
Bohr also hypothesized that if an electron absorbed just the right amount of energy, it would jump to the next higher energy level. Conversely, if it lost the same amount of energy, it would jump back to its original energy level. However, an electron could never exist in between two energy levels. [SEP] it would jump back to its original energy level .
Then, close to a century went by before J.J. Thomson discovered the first subatomic particle, the negatively charged electron. Because atoms are neutral in charge, Thomson thought that they must consist of a sphere of positive charge with electrons scattered through it. In 1910, Ernest Rutherford showed that this idea was incorrect. [SEP] atoms are neutral in charge
Then, close to a century went by before J.J. Thomson discovered the first subatomic particle, the negatively charged electron. Because atoms are neutral in charge, Thomson thought that they must consist of a sphere of positive charge with electrons scattered through it. In 1910, Ernest Rutherford showed that this idea was incorrect. [SEP] Thomson thought that they must consist of a sphere of positive charge with electrons scattered through it .
Although later scientists would develop more refined atomic models, Bohrs model was basically correct and much of it is still accepted today. It is also a very useful model because it explains the properties of different elements. Bohr received the 1922 Nobel prize in physics for his contribution to our understanding of the structure of the atom. [SEP] it explains the properties of different elements .
Although later scientists would develop more refined atomic models, Bohrs model was basically correct and much of it is still accepted today. It is also a very useful model because it explains the properties of different elements. Bohr received the 1922 Nobel prize in physics for his contribution to our understanding of the structure of the atom. [SEP] It is also a very useful model
It is a discrete, or distinct, amount of energy. If energy were water and you wanted to add it to matter in the form of a drinking glass, you couldnt simply pour the water continuously into the glass. Instead, you could add it only in small fixed quantities, for example, by the teaspoonful. [SEP] energy were water and
It is a discrete, or distinct, amount of energy. If energy were water and you wanted to add it to matter in the form of a drinking glass, you couldnt simply pour the water continuously into the glass. Instead, you could add it only in small fixed quantities, for example, by the teaspoonful. [SEP] you couldnt simply pour the water continuously into the glass .
Instead, you could add it only in small fixed quantities, for example, by the teaspoonful. Bohr reasoned that if electrons can absorb or lose only fixed quantities of energy, then they must vary in their energy by these fixed amounts. Thus, they can occupy only fixed energy levels around the nucleus that correspond to quantum increases in energy. [SEP] electrons can absorb or lose only fixed quantities of energy
Instead, you could add it only in small fixed quantities, for example, by the teaspoonful. Bohr reasoned that if electrons can absorb or lose only fixed quantities of energy, then they must vary in their energy by these fixed amounts. Thus, they can occupy only fixed energy levels around the nucleus that correspond to quantum increases in energy. [SEP] then they must vary in their energy by these fixed
Bohr reasoned that if electrons can absorb or lose only fixed quantities of energy, then they must vary in their energy by these fixed amounts. Thus, they can occupy only fixed energy levels around the nucleus that correspond to quantum increases in energy. This is a two-dimensional model of a three-dimensional atom. [SEP] reasoned that if electrons can absorb or lose only fixed quantities of energy , then they must vary in their energy by these fixed amounts
Bohr reasoned that if electrons can absorb or lose only fixed quantities of energy, then they must vary in their energy by these fixed amounts. Thus, they can occupy only fixed energy levels around the nucleus that correspond to quantum increases in energy. This is a two-dimensional model of a three-dimensional atom. [SEP] , they can occupy only fixed energy levels around the nucleus that correspond to quantum increases in energy .
A covalent compound is a compound in which atoms are held together by covalent bonds. If the covalent bonds are polar, then the covalent compound as a whole may be polar. A polar covalent compound is one in which there is a slight difference in electric charge between opposite sides of the molecule. [SEP] a whole may be polar .
A covalent compound is a compound in which atoms are held together by covalent bonds. If the covalent bonds are polar, then the covalent compound as a whole may be polar. A polar covalent compound is one in which there is a slight difference in electric charge between opposite sides of the molecule. [SEP] covalent bonds are polar , then the covalent compound
This is illustrated in the Figure 1.3. In both molecules, the oxygen atoms attract electrons more strongly than the carbon or hydrogen atoms do, so both molecules have polar bonds. However, only formaldehyde is a polar compound. [SEP] , the oxygen atoms attract electrons more strongly than the carbon or hydrogen atoms do
This is illustrated in the Figure 1.3. In both molecules, the oxygen atoms attract electrons more strongly than the carbon or hydrogen atoms do, so both molecules have polar bonds. However, only formaldehyde is a polar compound. [SEP] both molecules have polar bonds .
These are called polar covalent bonds. The Figure than the hydrogen atoms do because the nucleus of the oxygen atom has more positively charged protons. As a result, the oxygen atom becomes slightly negative in charge, and the hydrogen atoms become slightly positive in charge. [SEP] the nucleus of the oxygen atom has more positively charged protons .
These are called polar covalent bonds. The Figure than the hydrogen atoms do because the nucleus of the oxygen atom has more positively charged protons. As a result, the oxygen atom becomes slightly negative in charge, and the hydrogen atoms become slightly positive in charge. [SEP] The Figure than the hydrogen atoms do
The Figure than the hydrogen atoms do because the nucleus of the oxygen atom has more positively charged protons. As a result, the oxygen atom becomes slightly negative in charge, and the hydrogen atoms become slightly positive in charge. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] The Figure than the hydrogen atoms do because the nucleus of the oxygen atom has more positively charged protons
The Figure than the hydrogen atoms do because the nucleus of the oxygen atom has more positively charged protons. As a result, the oxygen atom becomes slightly negative in charge, and the hydrogen atoms become slightly positive in charge. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the oxygen atom becomes slightly negative in charge , and the hydrogen atoms become slightly positive in charge .
Neither atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly. As a result, the atoms remain neutral in charge. The oxygen (O2 ) molecule in the Figure 1.2 has two nonpolar bonds. [SEP] Neither atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly
Neither atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly. As a result, the atoms remain neutral in charge. The oxygen (O2 ) molecule in the Figure 1.2 has two nonpolar bonds. [SEP] the atoms remain neutral in charge .
A fluid exerts pressure in all directions, but the pressure is greater at greater depth. Therefore, the fluid below an object, where the fluid is deeper, exerts greater pressure on the object than the fluid above it. You can see in the Figure 1.1 how this works. [SEP] A fluid exerts pressure in all directions , but the pressure is greater at greater depth
A fluid exerts pressure in all directions, but the pressure is greater at greater depth. Therefore, the fluid below an object, where the fluid is deeper, exerts greater pressure on the object than the fluid above it. You can see in the Figure 1.1 how this works. [SEP] the fluid below an object , where the fluid is deeper , exerts greater pressure on the object than the fluid above it .
Q: Youve probably noticed that some things dont float in water. For example, if you drop a stone in water, it will sink to the bottom rather than floating. If buoyant force applies to all objects in fluids, why do some objects sink instead of float? [SEP] you drop a stone in water
Q: Youve probably noticed that some things dont float in water. For example, if you drop a stone in water, it will sink to the bottom rather than floating. If buoyant force applies to all objects in fluids, why do some objects sink instead of float? [SEP] it will sink to the bottom rather than floating .
Look at the Figure 1.2. On the left, the objects weight is the same as the buoyant force acting on it, so the object floats. On the right, the objects weight is greater than the buoyant force acting on it, so the object sinks. [SEP] , the objects weight is the same as the buoyant force acting on it
Look at the Figure 1.2. On the left, the objects weight is the same as the buoyant force acting on it, so the object floats. On the right, the objects weight is greater than the buoyant force acting on it, so the object sinks. [SEP] the object floats .
On the left, the objects weight is the same as the buoyant force acting on it, so the object floats. On the right, the objects weight is greater than the buoyant force acting on it, so the object sinks.  [SEP] On the right , the objects weight is greater than the buoyant force acting on it
On the left, the objects weight is the same as the buoyant force acting on it, so the object floats. On the right, the objects weight is greater than the buoyant force acting on it, so the object sinks.  [SEP] the object sinks .
Density, or the amount of mass in a given volume, is also related to the ability of an object to float. Thats because density affects weight. A given volume of a denser substance is heavier than the same volume of a less dense substance. [SEP] density affects weight .
Density, or the amount of mass in a given volume, is also related to the ability of an object to float. Thats because density affects weight. A given volume of a denser substance is heavier than the same volume of a less dense substance. [SEP] , or the amount of mass in a given volume , is also related to the ability of an object to float . Thats
Q : Can you think of more examples of substances that float in a fluid because they are low in density? A: Oil is less dense than water, so oil from a spill floats on ocean water. [SEP] they are low in density ?
Q : Can you think of more examples of substances that float in a fluid because they are low in density? A: Oil is less dense than water, so oil from a spill floats on ocean water. [SEP] : Can you think of more examples of substances that float in a fluid
: Can you think of more examples of substances that float in a fluid because they are low in density? A: Oil is less dense than water, so oil from a spill floats on ocean water. Helium is less dense than air, so balloons filled with helium float in air. [SEP] : Oil is less dense than water
: Can you think of more examples of substances that float in a fluid because they are low in density? A: Oil is less dense than water, so oil from a spill floats on ocean water. Helium is less dense than air, so balloons filled with helium float in air. [SEP] oil from a spill floats on ocean water .
A: Oil is less dense than water, so oil from a spill floats on ocean water. Helium is less dense than air, so balloons filled with helium float in air.  [SEP] Helium is less dense than air
A: Oil is less dense than water, so oil from a spill floats on ocean water. Helium is less dense than air, so balloons filled with helium float in air.  [SEP] balloons filled with helium float in air .
 A change in an objects motionsuch as Xander speeding up on his scooteris called acceleration. Acceleration occurs whenever an object is acted upon by an unbalanced force. [SEP] Xander speeding up on his scooteris called acceleration .
 A change in an objects motionsuch as Xander speeding up on his scooteris called acceleration. Acceleration occurs whenever an object is acted upon by an unbalanced force. [SEP] an objects motionsuch
Newtons second law of motion summarizes these relationships. According to this law, the acceleration of an object equals the net force acting on it divided by its mass. This can be represented by the equation: Acceleration = [SEP] this law
Newtons second law of motion summarizes these relationships. According to this law, the acceleration of an object equals the net force acting on it divided by its mass. This can be represented by the equation: Acceleration = [SEP] the acceleration of an object equals the net force acting on it divided by its mass .
The Newton is the SI unit for force. It is defined as the force needed to cause a 1-kilogram mass to accelerate at 1 m/s2 . Therefore, force can also be expressed in the unit kg  m/s2 . [SEP] the force needed to cause a 1-kilogram mass to accelerate at 1
The Newton is the SI unit for force. It is defined as the force needed to cause a 1-kilogram mass to accelerate at 1 m/s2 . Therefore, force can also be expressed in the unit kg  m/s2 . [SEP] It is defined
It is defined as the force needed to cause a 1-kilogram mass to accelerate at 1 m/s2 . Therefore, force can also be expressed in the unit kg  m/s2 . This way of expressing force can be substituted for Newtons in Xanders acceleration so the answer is expressed in the SI unit for acceleration, which is m [SEP] It is defined as the force needed to cause a 1-kilogram mass to accelerate at 1 m/s2
It is defined as the force needed to cause a 1-kilogram mass to accelerate at 1 m/s2 . Therefore, force can also be expressed in the unit kg  m/s2 . This way of expressing force can be substituted for Newtons in Xanders acceleration so the answer is expressed in the SI unit for acceleration, which is m [SEP] force can also be expressed in the unit kg m/s2 .
Therefore, force can also be expressed in the unit kg  m/s2 . This way of expressing force can be substituted for Newtons in Xanders acceleration so the answer is expressed in the SI unit for acceleration, which is m /s2 : 2 [SEP] This way of expressing force can be substituted for Newtons in Xanders acceleration
Therefore, force can also be expressed in the unit kg  m/s2 . This way of expressing force can be substituted for Newtons in Xanders acceleration so the answer is expressed in the SI unit for acceleration, which is m /s2 : 2 [SEP] the answer is expressed in the SI unit for acceleration , which is m
The kilogram units in the numerator and denominator of the fraction cancel out. As a result, the answer is expressed in the correct SI units for acceleration.  [SEP] The kilogram units in the numerator and denominator of the fraction cancel out
The kilogram units in the numerator and denominator of the fraction cancel out. As a result, the answer is expressed in the correct SI units for acceleration.  [SEP] the answer is expressed in the correct SI units for acceleration .
However, net force may be a combination of many unseen forces, such as gravity, friction with surfaces, and air resistance. Therefore, it may be more useful to know how to calculate the net force acting on an object from its mass and acceleration. The equation for acceleration above can be rewritten to solve for net force as: Net Force = Mass  Acceleration, or F=ma [SEP] However , net force may be a combination of many unseen forces , such as gravity , friction with surfaces , and air resistance
However, net force may be a combination of many unseen forces, such as gravity, friction with surfaces, and air resistance. Therefore, it may be more useful to know how to calculate the net force acting on an object from its mass and acceleration. The equation for acceleration above can be rewritten to solve for net force as: Net Force = Mass  Acceleration, or F=ma [SEP] it may be more useful to know how to calculate the net force acting on an object from its mass and acceleration .
 Calculating acceleration is complicated if both speed and direction are changing or if you want to know acceleration at any given instant in time. However, its relatively easy to calculate average acceleration over a period of time when only speed is changing. [SEP] both speed and direction are changing or if you want to know acceleration at any given instant in time .
 Calculating acceleration is complicated if both speed and direction are changing or if you want to know acceleration at any given instant in time. However, its relatively easy to calculate average acceleration over a period of time when only speed is changing. [SEP] Calculating acceleration is complicated
 Calculating acceleration is complicated if both speed and direction are changing or if you want to know acceleration at any given instant in time. However, its relatively easy to calculate average acceleration over a period of time when only speed is changing. [SEP] you want to know acceleration at any given instant in time .
 Calculating acceleration is complicated if both speed and direction are changing or if you want to know acceleration at any given instant in time. However, its relatively easy to calculate average acceleration over a period of time when only speed is changing. [SEP] both speed and direction are changing or
Look at the cyclist in the Figure 1.1. With the help of gravity, he speeds up as he goes downhill on a straight part of the trail. His velocity changes from 1 meter per second at the top of the hill to 6 meters per second by the time he reaches the bottom. [SEP] he goes downhill on a straight part of the trail .
Look at the cyclist in the Figure 1.1. With the help of gravity, he speeds up as he goes downhill on a straight part of the trail. His velocity changes from 1 meter per second at the top of the hill to 6 meters per second by the time he reaches the bottom. [SEP] With the help of gravity , he speeds up
 The work equation given above can be rearranged to find force or distance if the other variables are known: Force = Work Distance Distance = Work Force After Clarissa finishes mowing both lawns, she pushes the lawn mower down the sidewalk to her own house. [SEP] the other variables are known :
 The work equation given above can be rearranged to find force or distance if the other variables are known: Force = Work Distance Distance = Work Force After Clarissa finishes mowing both lawns, she pushes the lawn mower down the sidewalk to her own house. [SEP] The work equation given above can be rearranged to find force or distance
 The equation for work can be used to calculate work if force and distance are known. To use the equation, force is expressed in Newtons (N), and distance is expressed in meters (m). [SEP] force and distance are known .
 The equation for work can be used to calculate work if force and distance are known. To use the equation, force is expressed in Newtons (N), and distance is expressed in meters (m). [SEP] The equation for work can be used to calculate work
To use the equation, force is expressed in Newtons (N), and distance is expressed in meters (m). For example, assume that Clarissa uses 100 Newtons of force to push the mower and that she pushes it for a total of 200 meters as she cuts the grass in her grandmothers yard. Then, the amount of work Clarissa does is: Work = 100 [SEP] she cuts the grass in her grandmothers yard .
To use the equation, force is expressed in Newtons (N), and distance is expressed in meters (m). For example, assume that Clarissa uses 100 Newtons of force to push the mower and that she pushes it for a total of 200 meters as she cuts the grass in her grandmothers yard. Then, the amount of work Clarissa does is: Work = 100 [SEP] Clarissa uses 100 Newtons of force to push the mower and that she pushes it for a total of 200 meters
However, glucose molecules are bonded together differently in cellulose than they are in starches. Cellulose molecules bundle together to form long, tough fibers, as you can see in the Figure 1.3. Have you ever eaten raw celery? [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.3 .
However, glucose molecules are bonded together differently in cellulose than they are in starches. Cellulose molecules bundle together to form long, tough fibers, as you can see in the Figure 1.3. Have you ever eaten raw celery? [SEP] molecules bundle together to form long , tough fibers
Have you ever eaten raw celery? If you have, then you probably noticed that Foods that are good sources of starches. the stalks contain long, stringy fibers. [SEP] you have
Have you ever eaten raw celery? If you have, then you probably noticed that Foods that are good sources of starches. the stalks contain long, stringy fibers. [SEP] then you probably noticed that Foods that are good sources of starches .
Plants make starches to store extra glucose. Consumers get starches by eating plants. Common sources of starches in the human diet are pictured in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] eating plants
Plants make starches to store extra glucose. Consumers get starches by eating plants. Common sources of starches in the human diet are pictured in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] Consumers get starches
Do you see how the atoms are arranged differently in fructose than in glucose? Youre probably most familiar with the sugar sucrose, because sucrose is table sugar. Its the sugar that you spoon onto your cereal or into your iced tea. [SEP] sucrose is table sugar .
Do you see how the atoms are arranged differently in fructose than in glucose? Youre probably most familiar with the sugar sucrose, because sucrose is table sugar. Its the sugar that you spoon onto your cereal or into your iced tea. [SEP] you see how the atoms are arranged differently in fructose than in glucose ? Youre probably most familiar with the sugar sucrose
In a covalent bond, two atoms share a pair of electrons. By forming four covalent bonds, carbon shares four pairs of electrons, thus filling its outer energy level and achieving stability.  [SEP] By forming four covalent bonds , carbon shares four pairs of electrons
In a covalent bond, two atoms share a pair of electrons. By forming four covalent bonds, carbon shares four pairs of electrons, thus filling its outer energy level and achieving stability.  [SEP] filling its outer energy level and achieving stability .
In a covalent bond, two atoms share a pair of electrons. By forming four covalent bonds, carbon shares four pairs of electrons, thus filling its outer energy level and achieving stability.  [SEP] forming four covalent bonds
In a covalent bond, two atoms share a pair of electrons. By forming four covalent bonds, carbon shares four pairs of electrons, thus filling its outer energy level and achieving stability.  [SEP] , carbon shares four pairs of electrons
 Carbon is a very common ingredient of matter because it can combine with itself and with many other elements. It can form a great diversity of compounds, ranging in size from just a few atoms to thousands of atoms. [SEP] it can combine with itself and with many other elements .
 Carbon is a very common ingredient of matter because it can combine with itself and with many other elements. It can form a great diversity of compounds, ranging in size from just a few atoms to thousands of atoms. [SEP] Carbon is a very common ingredient of matter
Structural formulas for cellulose and glucose are also shown in the Figure 1.2). As you can see from the structural formula for cellulose, when two glucose monomers bond together, a molecule of water (H2 O) is released. Q: How are the glucose molecules arranged in the cellulose polymer? [SEP] you can see from the structural formula for cellulose , when two glucose monomers bond together , a molecule of water -LRB- H2 O -RRB- is released .
Structural formulas for cellulose and glucose are also shown in the Figure 1.2). As you can see from the structural formula for cellulose, when two glucose monomers bond together, a molecule of water (H2 O) is released. Q: How are the glucose molecules arranged in the cellulose polymer? [SEP] Structural formulas for cellulose and glucose are also shown in the Figure 1.2 -RRB- .
It can bond with other carbon atoms as well as with atoms of other elements. Because of this ability, carbon often forms polymers. A polymer is a large molecule that is made out of many smaller molecules that are joined together by covalent bonds. [SEP] It can bond with other carbon atoms as well as with atoms of other elements
It can bond with other carbon atoms as well as with atoms of other elements. Because of this ability, carbon often forms polymers. A polymer is a large molecule that is made out of many smaller molecules that are joined together by covalent bonds. [SEP] ability , carbon often forms polymers .
A catalyst isnt a reactant in the chemical reaction it speeds up. As a result, it isnt changed or used up in the reaction, so it can go on to catalyze many more reactions. Q: How is a catalyst like a tunnel through a mountain? [SEP] , it isnt changed or used up in the reaction
A catalyst isnt a reactant in the chemical reaction it speeds up. As a result, it isnt changed or used up in the reaction, so it can go on to catalyze many more reactions. Q: How is a catalyst like a tunnel through a mountain? [SEP] it can go on to catalyze many more reactions .
 Catalysts interact with reactants so the reaction can occur by an alternate pathway that has a lower activation energy. Activation energy is the energy needed to start a reaction. [SEP] Catalysts interact with reactants
 Catalysts interact with reactants so the reaction can occur by an alternate pathway that has a lower activation energy. Activation energy is the energy needed to start a reaction. [SEP] the reaction can occur by an alternate pathway that has a lower activation energy .
Activation energy is the energy needed to start a reaction. When activation energy is lower, more reactant particles have enough energy to react so the reaction goes faster. Many catalysts work like the one in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] When activation energy is lower , more reactant particles have enough energy to react
Activation energy is the energy needed to start a reaction. When activation energy is lower, more reactant particles have enough energy to react so the reaction goes faster. Many catalysts work like the one in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] the reaction goes faster .
A: The catalytic pathway of the reaction requires far less energy. Therefore, the reaction will occur faster by this pathway because more reactants will have enough energy to react.  [SEP] : The catalytic pathway of the reaction requires far less energy
A: The catalytic pathway of the reaction requires far less energy. Therefore, the reaction will occur faster by this pathway because more reactants will have enough energy to react.  [SEP] the reaction will occur faster by this pathway because more reactants will have enough energy to react .
Chemical reactions constantly occur inside living things. Many of these reactions require catalysts so they will occur quickly enough to support life. Catalysts in living things are called enzymes. [SEP] Many of these reactions require catalysts
Chemical reactions constantly occur inside living things. Many of these reactions require catalysts so they will occur quickly enough to support life. Catalysts in living things are called enzymes. [SEP] they will occur quickly enough to support life .
The starches in the cracker start to break down to sugars with the help of the enzyme amylase. Try this yourself and see if you can taste the reaction.  [SEP] you can taste the reaction .
The starches in the cracker start to break down to sugars with the help of the enzyme amylase. Try this yourself and see if you can taste the reaction.  [SEP] this yourself and see
+ 6H2 O As the Figure 1.1 shows, cellular respiration occurs in the cells of all kinds of organisms, including those that make their own food (autotrophs) as well as those that get their food by consuming other organisms (heterotrophs). Q: How is cellular respiration related to breathing? [SEP] consuming other organisms -LRB- heterotrophs -RRB-
+ 6H2 O As the Figure 1.1 shows, cellular respiration occurs in the cells of all kinds of organisms, including those that make their own food (autotrophs) as well as those that get their food by consuming other organisms (heterotrophs). Q: How is cellular respiration related to breathing? [SEP] As the Figure 1.1 shows , cellular respiration occurs in the cells of all kinds of organisms , including those that make their own food -LRB- autotrophs -RRB- as well as those that get their food
To understand why chemical bonds form, consider the common compound known as water, or H2 O. It consists of two hydrogen (H) atoms and one oxygen (O) atom. As you can see in the on the left side of the Figure 1.1, each hydrogen atom has just one electron, which is also its sole valence electron. The oxygen atom has six valence electrons. [SEP] you can see in the on the left side of the Figure 1.1 , each hydrogen atom has just one electron , which is also its sole valence electron .
To understand why chemical bonds form, consider the common compound known as water, or H2 O. It consists of two hydrogen (H) atoms and one oxygen (O) atom. As you can see in the on the left side of the Figure 1.1, each hydrogen atom has just one electron, which is also its sole valence electron. The oxygen atom has six valence electrons. [SEP] To understand why chemical bonds form , consider the common compound known as water , or H2 O . It consists of two hydrogen -LRB- H -RRB- atoms and one oxygen -LRB- O -RRB- atom .
By sharing electrons, each atom has electrons available to fill its sole or outer energy level. The hydrogen atoms each have a pair of shared electrons, so their first and only energy level is full. The oxygen atom has a total of eight valence electrons, so its outer energy level is full. [SEP] The hydrogen atoms each have a pair of shared electrons
By sharing electrons, each atom has electrons available to fill its sole or outer energy level. The hydrogen atoms each have a pair of shared electrons, so their first and only energy level is full. The oxygen atom has a total of eight valence electrons, so its outer energy level is full. [SEP] their first and only energy level is full .
The hydrogen atoms each have a pair of shared electrons, so their first and only energy level is full. The oxygen atom has a total of eight valence electrons, so its outer energy level is full. A full outer energy level is the most stable possible arrangement of electrons. [SEP] The oxygen atom has a total of eight valence electrons
The hydrogen atoms each have a pair of shared electrons, so their first and only energy level is full. The oxygen atom has a total of eight valence electrons, so its outer energy level is full. A full outer energy level is the most stable possible arrangement of electrons. [SEP] its outer energy level is full .
A: Chemical bonds form because they give atoms a more stable arrangement of electrons.  [SEP] they give atoms a more stable arrangement of electrons .
A: Chemical bonds form because they give atoms a more stable arrangement of electrons.  [SEP] Chemical bonds form
A: Yes, the equation is balanced. You can tell because there is the same number of each type of atom on both sides of the arrow. First count the iron atoms. [SEP] there is the same number of each type of atom on both sides of the arrow .
A: Yes, the equation is balanced. You can tell because there is the same number of each type of atom on both sides of the arrow. First count the iron atoms. [SEP] You can tell
This means that there must be the same number of each type of atom on both sides of the arrow. Thats because matter is always conserved in a chemical reaction. This is the law of conservation of mass. [SEP] matter is always conserved in a chemical reaction .
This means that there must be the same number of each type of atom on both sides of the arrow. Thats because matter is always conserved in a chemical reaction. This is the law of conservation of mass. [SEP] means that there must be the same number of each type of atom on both sides of the arrow . Thats
Are the numbers the same on both sides of the arrow? The answer is yes, so the equation is balanced.  [SEP] The answer is yes
Are the numbers the same on both sides of the arrow? The answer is yes, so the equation is balanced.  [SEP] the equation is balanced .
Carbon is represented by the chemical symbol C. The chemical symbol for oxygen is O, but pure oxygen exists as diatomic (two-atom) molecules, represented by the chemical formula O2 . A molecule of the compound carbon dioxide consists of one atom of carbon and two atoms of oxygen, so carbon dioxide is represented by the chemical formula CO2 . [SEP] diatomic -LRB- two-atom -RRB- molecules , represented by the chemical formula O2 .
Carbon is represented by the chemical symbol C. The chemical symbol for oxygen is O, but pure oxygen exists as diatomic (two-atom) molecules, represented by the chemical formula O2 . A molecule of the compound carbon dioxide consists of one atom of carbon and two atoms of oxygen, so carbon dioxide is represented by the chemical formula CO2 . [SEP] but pure oxygen exists
The chemical symbol for oxygen is O, but pure oxygen exists as diatomic (two-atom) molecules, represented by the chemical formula O2 . A molecule of the compound carbon dioxide consists of one atom of carbon and two atoms of oxygen, so carbon dioxide is represented by the chemical formula CO2 . Q: What is the chemical equation for this reaction? [SEP] A molecule of the compound carbon dioxide consists of one atom of carbon and two atoms of oxygen
The chemical symbol for oxygen is O, but pure oxygen exists as diatomic (two-atom) molecules, represented by the chemical formula O2 . A molecule of the compound carbon dioxide consists of one atom of carbon and two atoms of oxygen, so carbon dioxide is represented by the chemical formula CO2 . Q: What is the chemical equation for this reaction? [SEP] carbon dioxide is represented by the chemical formula CO2 .
This happens when chemical bonds break in the reactants and new bonds form in the products. As a result, the products are different chemical substances than the reactants that started the reaction. Q: What is the general equation for the reaction in which iron rusts? [SEP] This happens when chemical bonds break in the reactants and new bonds form in the products
This happens when chemical bonds break in the reactants and new bonds form in the products. As a result, the products are different chemical substances than the reactants that started the reaction. Q: What is the general equation for the reaction in which iron rusts? [SEP] the products are different chemical substances than the reactants that started the reaction .
Note that when there is more than one reactant, they are separated by plus signs (+). If more than one product were produced, plus signs would be used between them as well. Iron + Oxygen  Iron Oxide [SEP] more than one product were produced
Note that when there is more than one reactant, they are separated by plus signs (+). If more than one product were produced, plus signs would be used between them as well. Iron + Oxygen  Iron Oxide [SEP] plus signs would be used between them as well .
Each water molecule contains two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom. Therefore, the chemical formula for water is: H2 O The subscript 2 after the H shows that there are two atoms of hydrogen in the molecule. [SEP] Each water molecule contains two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom
Each water molecule contains two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom. Therefore, the chemical formula for water is: H2 O The subscript 2 after the H shows that there are two atoms of hydrogen in the molecule. [SEP] the chemical formula for water is : H2 O
Chemical Formulas NaCl CaI2 H2 O2 CO2 There is a different rule for writing the chemical formula for each type of compound. Ionic compounds are compounds in which positive metal ions and negative nonmetal ions are joined by ionic bonds. [SEP] writing the chemical formula for each type of compound
Chemical Formulas NaCl CaI2 H2 O2 CO2 There is a different rule for writing the chemical formula for each type of compound. Ionic compounds are compounds in which positive metal ions and negative nonmetal ions are joined by ionic bonds. [SEP] There is a different rule
In these compounds, the element that is farther to the left in the periodic table is written first, followed by the element that is farther to the right. If both elements are in the same group of the periodic table, the one with the higher period number is written first. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] both elements are in the same group of the periodic table
In these compounds, the element that is farther to the left in the periodic table is written first, followed by the element that is farther to the right. If both elements are in the same group of the periodic table, the one with the higher period number is written first. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the one with the higher period number is written first .
The reactants and products in a chemical reaction contain the same atoms, but they are rearranged during the reaction. As a result, the atoms are in different combinations in the products than they were in the reactants. This happens because chemical bonds break in the reactants and new chemical bonds form in the products. [SEP] The reactants and products in a chemical reaction contain the same atoms , but they are rearranged during the reaction
The reactants and products in a chemical reaction contain the same atoms, but they are rearranged during the reaction. As a result, the atoms are in different combinations in the products than they were in the reactants. This happens because chemical bonds break in the reactants and new chemical bonds form in the products. [SEP] the atoms are in different combinations in the products than they were in the reactants .
As a result, the atoms are in different combinations in the products than they were in the reactants. This happens because chemical bonds break in the reactants and new chemical bonds form in the products. Consider the chemical reaction in which water forms from oxygen and hydrogen gases. [SEP] chemical bonds break in the reactants and new chemical bonds form in the products .
As a result, the atoms are in different combinations in the products than they were in the reactants. This happens because chemical bonds break in the reactants and new chemical bonds form in the products. Consider the chemical reaction in which water forms from oxygen and hydrogen gases. [SEP] This happens
A catalyst is a substance that increases the rate of a chemical reaction. A catalyst isnt a reactant, so it isnt changed or used up in the reaction. Therefore, it can catalyze many other reactions. [SEP] A catalyst isnt a reactant
A catalyst is a substance that increases the rate of a chemical reaction. A catalyst isnt a reactant, so it isnt changed or used up in the reaction. Therefore, it can catalyze many other reactions. [SEP] it isnt changed or used up in the reaction .
A catalyst isnt a reactant, so it isnt changed or used up in the reaction. Therefore, it can catalyze many other reactions.  [SEP] catalyst isnt a reactant , so it isnt changed or used up in the reaction
A catalyst isnt a reactant, so it isnt changed or used up in the reaction. Therefore, it can catalyze many other reactions.  [SEP] it can catalyze many other reactions .
When a solid substance is involved in a chemical reaction, only the matter at the surface of the solid is exposed to other reactants. If a solid has more surface area, more of it is exposed and able to react. Therefore, increasing the surface area of solid reactants increases the reaction rate. [SEP] a solid has more surface area
When a solid substance is involved in a chemical reaction, only the matter at the surface of the solid is exposed to other reactants. If a solid has more surface area, more of it is exposed and able to react. Therefore, increasing the surface area of solid reactants increases the reaction rate. [SEP] more of it is exposed and able to react .
If a solid has more surface area, more of it is exposed and able to react. Therefore, increasing the surface area of solid reactants increases the reaction rate. Look at the hammer and nails pictured in the Figure 1.3. [SEP] If a solid has more surface area , more of it is exposed and able to react
If a solid has more surface area, more of it is exposed and able to react. Therefore, increasing the surface area of solid reactants increases the reaction rate. Look at the hammer and nails pictured in the Figure 1.3. [SEP] increasing the surface area of solid reactants increases the reaction rate .
Both are made of iron and will rust when the iron combines with oxygen in the air. However, the nails have a greater surface area, so they will rust faster.  [SEP] However , the nails have a greater surface area
Both are made of iron and will rust when the iron combines with oxygen in the air. However, the nails have a greater surface area, so they will rust faster.  [SEP] they will rust faster .
When the concentration of reactants is higher, the reaction rate is faster. At higher concentrations, particles of reactants are crowded closer together, so they are more likely to collide and react. Did you ever see a sign like the one in the Figure 1.2? [SEP] At higher concentrations , particles of reactants are crowded closer together
When the concentration of reactants is higher, the reaction rate is faster. At higher concentrations, particles of reactants are crowded closer together, so they are more likely to collide and react. Did you ever see a sign like the one in the Figure 1.2? [SEP] they are more likely to collide and react .
Combustion, or burning, is a chemical reaction in which oxygen is a reactant. A greater concentration of oxygen in the air makes combustion more rapid if a fire starts burning. Q: It is dangerous to smoke or use open flames when oxygen is in use. [SEP] a fire starts burning .
Combustion, or burning, is a chemical reaction in which oxygen is a reactant. A greater concentration of oxygen in the air makes combustion more rapid if a fire starts burning. Q: It is dangerous to smoke or use open flames when oxygen is in use. [SEP] A greater concentration of oxygen in the air makes combustion more rapid
A: Because of the higher-than-normal concentration of oxygen, the flame of a match, lighter, or cigarette could spread quickly to other materials or even cause an explosion.  [SEP] the higher-than-normal concentration of oxygen
A: Because of the higher-than-normal concentration of oxygen, the flame of a match, lighter, or cigarette could spread quickly to other materials or even cause an explosion.  [SEP] the flame of a match , lighter , or cigarette could spread quickly to other materials or even cause an explosion .
When the temperature of reactants is higher, the rate of the reaction is faster. At higher temperatures, particles of reactants have more energy, so they move faster. As a result, they are more likely to bump into one another and to collide with greater force. [SEP] At higher temperatures , particles of reactants have more energy
When the temperature of reactants is higher, the rate of the reaction is faster. At higher temperatures, particles of reactants have more energy, so they move faster. As a result, they are more likely to bump into one another and to collide with greater force. [SEP] they move faster .
At higher temperatures, particles of reactants have more energy, so they move faster. As a result, they are more likely to bump into one another and to collide with greater force. For example, food spoils because of chemical reactions, and these reactions occur faster at higher temperatures (see the bread on the left in the Figure 1.1). [SEP] At higher temperatures , particles of reactants have more energy , so they move faster
At higher temperatures, particles of reactants have more energy, so they move faster. As a result, they are more likely to bump into one another and to collide with greater force. For example, food spoils because of chemical reactions, and these reactions occur faster at higher temperatures (see the bread on the left in the Figure 1.1). [SEP] they are more likely to bump into one another and to collide with greater force .
As a result, they are more likely to bump into one another and to collide with greater force. For example, food spoils because of chemical reactions, and these reactions occur faster at higher temperatures (see the bread on the left in the Figure 1.1). This is why we store foods in the refrigerator or freezer (like the bread on the right in the Figure 1.1). [SEP] a result , they are more likely to bump into one another and to collide with greater force . For example , food spoils
As a result, they are more likely to bump into one another and to collide with greater force. For example, food spoils because of chemical reactions, and these reactions occur faster at higher temperatures (see the bread on the left in the Figure 1.1). This is why we store foods in the refrigerator or freezer (like the bread on the right in the Figure 1.1). [SEP] occur faster at higher temperatures -LRB- see the bread on the left in the Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
For example, food spoils because of chemical reactions, and these reactions occur faster at higher temperatures (see the bread on the left in the Figure 1.1). This is why we store foods in the refrigerator or freezer (like the bread on the right in the Figure 1.1). The lower temperature slows the rate of spoilage. [SEP] For example , food spoils because of chemical reactions , and these reactions occur faster at higher temperatures -LRB- see the bread on the left in the Figure 1.1 -RRB-
For example, food spoils because of chemical reactions, and these reactions occur faster at higher temperatures (see the bread on the left in the Figure 1.1). This is why we store foods in the refrigerator or freezer (like the bread on the right in the Figure 1.1). The lower temperature slows the rate of spoilage. [SEP] we store foods in the refrigerator or freezer -LRB- like the bread on the right in the Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
These bonds form when metals transfer electrons to nonmetals. Ionic compounds exist as a matrix of many ions, called a crystal. Sodium chloride (table salt) is an example of an ionic compound. [SEP] a matrix of many ions , called a crystal .
These bonds form when metals transfer electrons to nonmetals. Ionic compounds exist as a matrix of many ions, called a crystal. Sodium chloride (table salt) is an example of an ionic compound. [SEP] Ionic compounds exist
Both compounds consist of hydrogen and oxygen, but they have different ratios of the two elements. As a result, water and hydrogen peroxide are different compounds with different properties. If youve ever used hydrogen peroxide to disinfect a cut, then you know that it is very different from water! [SEP] Both compounds consist of hydrogen and oxygen , but they have different ratios of the two elements
Both compounds consist of hydrogen and oxygen, but they have different ratios of the two elements. As a result, water and hydrogen peroxide are different compounds with different properties. If youve ever used hydrogen peroxide to disinfect a cut, then you know that it is very different from water! [SEP] water and hydrogen peroxide are different compounds with different properties .
As a result, water and hydrogen peroxide are different compounds with different properties. If youve ever used hydrogen peroxide to disinfect a cut, then you know that it is very different from water! Q [SEP] youve ever used hydrogen peroxide to disinfect a cut
As a result, water and hydrogen peroxide are different compounds with different properties. If youve ever used hydrogen peroxide to disinfect a cut, then you know that it is very different from water! Q [SEP] you know that it is very different from water !
In fact, it can kill people in minutes. Because you cant see or smell carbon monoxide, it must be detected with an alarm.  [SEP] you cant see or smell carbon monoxide
In fact, it can kill people in minutes. Because you cant see or smell carbon monoxide, it must be detected with an alarm.  [SEP] it must be detected with an alarm .
A compound is a unique substance that forms when two or more elements combine chemically. Compounds form as a result of chemical reactions. The elements in compounds are held together by chemical bonds. [SEP] chemical reactions
A compound is a unique substance that forms when two or more elements combine chemically. Compounds form as a result of chemical reactions. The elements in compounds are held together by chemical bonds. [SEP] Compounds form
Water is an example of a common chemical compound. As you can see in the Figure 1.1, each water molecule consists of two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen. Water always has this 2:1 ratio of hydrogen to oxygen. [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.1 , each water molecule consists of two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen .
Water is an example of a common chemical compound. As you can see in the Figure 1.1, each water molecule consists of two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen. Water always has this 2:1 ratio of hydrogen to oxygen. [SEP] Water is an example of a common chemical compound .
Q: Sometimes the same elements combine in different ratios. How can this happen if a compound always consists of the same elements in the same ratio? A: If the same elements combine in different ratios, they form different compounds. [SEP] a compound always consists of the same elements in the same ratio ?
Q: Sometimes the same elements combine in different ratios. How can this happen if a compound always consists of the same elements in the same ratio? A: If the same elements combine in different ratios, they form different compounds. [SEP] can this happen
How can this happen if a compound always consists of the same elements in the same ratio? A: If the same elements combine in different ratios, they form different compounds.  [SEP] the same elements combine in
How can this happen if a compound always consists of the same elements in the same ratio? A: If the same elements combine in different ratios, they form different compounds.  [SEP] they form different compounds .
The wavelength of visible light determines the color that the light appears. As you can see in the Figure 1.1, light with the longest wavelength appears red, and light with the shortest wavelength appears violet. In between are all the other colors of light that we can see. [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.1 , light with the longest wavelength appears red , and
The wavelength of visible light determines the color that the light appears. As you can see in the Figure 1.1, light with the longest wavelength appears red, and light with the shortest wavelength appears violet. In between are all the other colors of light that we can see. [SEP] The wavelength of visible light determines the color that the light appears .
These three colors are called the primary colors of light. All other colors of light can be created by combining the primary colors. Look at the Venn diagram 1.5. [SEP] combining the primary colors
These three colors are called the primary colors of light. All other colors of light can be created by combining the primary colors. Look at the Venn diagram 1.5. [SEP] All other colors of light can be created
Look at the center of the diagram, where all three primary colors of light combine. The result is white light.  [SEP] Look at the center of the diagram , where all three primary colors of light combine
Look at the center of the diagram, where all three primary colors of light combine. The result is white light.  [SEP] white light
 Many objects have color because they contain pigments. A pigment is a substance that colors materials by reflecting light of certain wavelengths and absorbing light of other wavelengths. [SEP] they contain pigments .
 Many objects have color because they contain pigments. A pigment is a substance that colors materials by reflecting light of certain wavelengths and absorbing light of other wavelengths. [SEP] Many objects have color
Many objects have color because they contain pigments. A pigment is a substance that colors materials by reflecting light of certain wavelengths and absorbing light of other wavelengths. A very common pigment is the dark green pigment called chlorophyll, which is found in plants. [SEP] reflecting light of certain wavelengths and absorbing light of other wavelengths
Many objects have color because they contain pigments. A pigment is a substance that colors materials by reflecting light of certain wavelengths and absorbing light of other wavelengths. A very common pigment is the dark green pigment called chlorophyll, which is found in plants. [SEP] A pigment is a substance that colors materials
The three colors of ink in a color printer are the three primary pigment colors: cyan, magenta, and yellow. These three colors can be combined in different ratios to produce all other colors, so they are the only colors needed for full-color printing.  [SEP] These three colors can be combined in different ratios to produce all other colors
The three colors of ink in a color printer are the three primary pigment colors: cyan, magenta, and yellow. These three colors can be combined in different ratios to produce all other colors, so they are the only colors needed for full-color printing.  [SEP] they are the only colors needed for full-color printing .
The wavelengths that are reflected determine the color that an object appears to the human eye. For example, the leaves appear green because they reflect green light and absorb light of other wavelengths. A transparent or translucent material, such as window glass, transmits some or all of the light that strikes it. [SEP] they reflect green light and absorb light of other wavelengths .
The wavelengths that are reflected determine the color that an object appears to the human eye. For example, the leaves appear green because they reflect green light and absorb light of other wavelengths. A transparent or translucent material, such as window glass, transmits some or all of the light that strikes it. [SEP] For example , the leaves appear green
This means that the light passes through the material rather than being reflected by it. In this case, we see the material because of the transmitted light. Therefore, the wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears. [SEP] In this case , we see the material
This means that the light passes through the material rather than being reflected by it. In this case, we see the material because of the transmitted light. Therefore, the wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears. [SEP] . Therefore , the wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears
In this case, we see the material because of the transmitted light. Therefore, the wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears. Look at the beautiful stained glass windows in the Figure 1.4. [SEP] In this case , we see the material because of the transmitted light
In this case, we see the material because of the transmitted light. Therefore, the wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears. Look at the beautiful stained glass windows in the Figure 1.4. [SEP] the wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears .
The different colors of glass transmit The color of light that strikes an object may also affect the color that the object appears. For example, if only blue light strikes green leaves, the blue light is absorbed and no light is reflected. Q: What color do you see if an object absorbs all of the light that strikes it? [SEP] only blue light strikes green leaves
The different colors of glass transmit The color of light that strikes an object may also affect the color that the object appears. For example, if only blue light strikes green leaves, the blue light is absorbed and no light is reflected. Q: What color do you see if an object absorbs all of the light that strikes it? [SEP] the blue light is absorbed and no light
For example, if only blue light strikes green leaves, the blue light is absorbed and no light is reflected. Q: What color do you see if an object absorbs all of the light that strikes it? A: [SEP] an object absorbs all of the light that strikes it ?
For example, if only blue light strikes green leaves, the blue light is absorbed and no light is reflected. Q: What color do you see if an object absorbs all of the light that strikes it? A: [SEP] color do you see
A: When all of the light is absorbed, none is reflected, so the object looks black. But black isnt a color of light. [SEP] When all of the light is absorbed , none is reflected
A: When all of the light is absorbed, none is reflected, so the object looks black. But black isnt a color of light. [SEP] the object looks black .
You can go really fast. Imagine how your speed would change if you were riding through deep sand. You would find it hard to pedal. [SEP] you were riding through deep sand .
You can go really fast. Imagine how your speed would change if you were riding through deep sand. You would find it hard to pedal. [SEP] your speed would change
She carries a small lamp over to the door you just entered. She asks you to watch carefully as she switches on the light. She flips the switch and you immediately see the light. [SEP] she switches on the light .
She carries a small lamp over to the door you just entered. She asks you to watch carefully as she switches on the light. She flips the switch and you immediately see the light. [SEP] She asks you to watch carefully
We wouldnt notice the change for a little over 8 minutes. That is because the Sun is a long way away. Even when moving as fast as light, it takes time to travel from the Sun to Earth. [SEP] the Sun is a long way away .
We wouldnt notice the change for a little over 8 minutes. That is because the Sun is a long way away. Even when moving as fast as light, it takes time to travel from the Sun to Earth. [SEP] We wouldnt notice the change for a little over 8 minutes
This is what explains the straw looking broken in the picture above. So, does light always bend as it travels into a new medium? If light travels straight into a new substance it is not bent. [SEP] This is what explains the straw looking broken in the picture above
This is what explains the straw looking broken in the picture above. So, does light always bend as it travels into a new medium? If light travels straight into a new substance it is not bent. [SEP] does light always bend as it travels into a new medium ?
The light still slows down, just does not appear to bend. Any angle other than perpendicular the light will bend as it slows down. The bending of light is called refraction. [SEP] it slows down .
The light still slows down, just does not appear to bend. Any angle other than perpendicular the light will bend as it slows down. The bending of light is called refraction. [SEP] than perpendicular the light will bend
The charcoal pictured in the Figure 1.1 consists of hydrocarbons. So do fossil fuels such as natural gas. Natural gas is a fuel that is commonly used in home furnaces and gas stoves. [SEP] The charcoal pictured in the Figure 1.1 consists of hydrocarbons
The charcoal pictured in the Figure 1.1 consists of hydrocarbons. So do fossil fuels such as natural gas. Natural gas is a fuel that is commonly used in home furnaces and gas stoves. [SEP] do fossil fuels such as natural gas .
Why might this occur? A: If the flame isnt just blue, the methane isnt getting enough oxygen to burn completely, leaving some of the carbon unburned. The flame will also not be as hot as a completely blue flame for the same reason. [SEP] the flame isnt just
Why might this occur? A: If the flame isnt just blue, the methane isnt getting enough oxygen to burn completely, leaving some of the carbon unburned. The flame will also not be as hot as a completely blue flame for the same reason. [SEP] the methane isnt getting enough oxygen to burn completely , leaving some of the carbon unburned .
It consists of two simple machines: a lever and a wheel and axle. Effort is applied to the lever by picking up the handles of the wheelbarrow. The lever, in turn, applies upward force to the load. [SEP] picking up the handles of the wheelbarrow
It consists of two simple machines: a lever and a wheel and axle. Effort is applied to the lever by picking up the handles of the wheelbarrow. The lever, in turn, applies upward force to the load. [SEP] Effort is applied to the lever
The force is increased by the lever, making the load easier to lift. Effort is applied to the wheel of the wheelbarrow by pushing it over the ground. The rolling wheel turns the axle and increases the force, making it easier to push the load. [SEP] pushing it over the ground
The force is increased by the lever, making the load easier to lift. Effort is applied to the wheel of the wheelbarrow by pushing it over the ground. The rolling wheel turns the axle and increases the force, making it easier to push the load. [SEP] Effort is applied to the wheel of the wheelbarrow
Friction is a force that opposes motion between any surfaces that are touching. All machines have moving parts and friction, so they have to use some of the work that is applied to them to overcome friction. This makes all machines less than 100 percent efficient. [SEP] All machines have moving parts and friction
Friction is a force that opposes motion between any surfaces that are touching. All machines have moving parts and friction, so they have to use some of the work that is applied to them to overcome friction. This makes all machines less than 100 percent efficient. [SEP] they have to use some of the work that is applied to them to overcome friction .
This makes all machines less than 100 percent efficient. Because compound machines have more moving parts than simple machines, they generally have more friction to overcome. As a result, compound machines tend to have lower efficiency than simple machines. [SEP] compound machines have more moving parts than simple machines
This makes all machines less than 100 percent efficient. Because compound machines have more moving parts than simple machines, they generally have more friction to overcome. As a result, compound machines tend to have lower efficiency than simple machines. [SEP] they generally have more friction to overcome .
Because compound machines have more moving parts than simple machines, they generally have more friction to overcome. As a result, compound machines tend to have lower efficiency than simple machines. When a compound machine consists of many simple machines, friction can become a serious problem, and it may produce a lot of heat. [SEP] Because compound machines have more moving parts than simple machines , they generally have more friction to overcome
Because compound machines have more moving parts than simple machines, they generally have more friction to overcome. As a result, compound machines tend to have lower efficiency than simple machines. When a compound machine consists of many simple machines, friction can become a serious problem, and it may produce a lot of heat. [SEP] compound machines tend to have lower efficiency than simple machines .
When a compound machine consists of many simple machines, friction can become a serious problem, and it may produce a lot of heat. Lubricants such as oil or grease may be used to coat the moving parts of a machine so they slide over each other more easily. This is how friction is reduced in a car engine. [SEP] Lubricants such as oil or grease may be used to coat the moving parts of a machine
When a compound machine consists of many simple machines, friction can become a serious problem, and it may produce a lot of heat. Lubricants such as oil or grease may be used to coat the moving parts of a machine so they slide over each other more easily. This is how friction is reduced in a car engine. [SEP] they slide over each other more easily .
Compound machines tend to have a greater mechanical advantage than simple machines. Thats because the mechanical advantage of a compound machine equals the product of the mechanical advantages of all its component simple machines. The greater the number of simple machines it contains, the greater its mechanical advantage tends to be. [SEP] the mechanical advantage of a compound machine equals the product of the mechanical advantages of all its component simple machines .
Compound machines tend to have a greater mechanical advantage than simple machines. Thats because the mechanical advantage of a compound machine equals the product of the mechanical advantages of all its component simple machines. The greater the number of simple machines it contains, the greater its mechanical advantage tends to be. [SEP] machines tend to have a greater mechanical advantage than simple machines . Thats
A: The mechanical advantage of the wheelbarrow is the product of the mechanical advantage of the lever (2) and the mechanical advantage of the wheel and axle (2). Therefore, the wheelbarrow has a mechanical advantage of 4.  [SEP] : The mechanical advantage of the wheelbarrow is the product of the mechanical advantage of the lever -LRB- 2 -RRB- and the mechanical advantage of the wheel and axle -LRB- 2 -RRB-
A: The mechanical advantage of the wheelbarrow is the product of the mechanical advantage of the lever (2) and the mechanical advantage of the wheel and axle (2). Therefore, the wheelbarrow has a mechanical advantage of 4.  [SEP] the wheelbarrow has a mechanical advantage of 4 .
The properties of compounds are different from the properties of the elements that form themsometimes very different. Thats because elements in a compound combine and become an entirely different substance with its own unique properties. Do you put salt on your food? [SEP] elements in a compound combine and become an entirely different substance with its own unique properties .
The properties of compounds are different from the properties of the elements that form themsometimes very different. Thats because elements in a compound combine and become an entirely different substance with its own unique properties. Do you put salt on your food? [SEP] The properties of compounds are different from the properties of the elements that form themsometimes very different . Thats
It contains sodium and chlorine. As shown in the Figure 1.2, sodium is a solid that reacts explosively with water, and chlorine is a poisonous gas. But together in table salt, sodium and chlorine form a harmless unreactive compound that you can safely eat. [SEP] shown in the Figure 1.2 , sodium is a solid that reacts explosively with water , and chlorine
It contains sodium and chlorine. As shown in the Figure 1.2, sodium is a solid that reacts explosively with water, and chlorine is a poisonous gas. But together in table salt, sodium and chlorine form a harmless unreactive compound that you can safely eat. [SEP] It contains sodium and chlorine .
Whether a chemical reaction absorbs or releases energy, there is no overall change in the amount of energy during the reaction. Thats because energy cannot be created or destroyed. This is the law of conservation of energy. [SEP] energy can not be created or destroyed .
Whether a chemical reaction absorbs or releases energy, there is no overall change in the amount of energy during the reaction. Thats because energy cannot be created or destroyed. This is the law of conservation of energy. [SEP] a chemical reaction absorbs or releases energy , there is no overall change in the amount of energy during the reaction . Thats
 Einsteins equation helps scientists understand what happens in nuclear reactions and why they produce so much energy. When the nucleus of a radioisotope undergoes fission or fusion in a nuclear reaction, it loses a tiny amount of mass. [SEP] Einsteins equation helps scientists understand what happens in nuclear reactions and why they produce
 Einsteins equation helps scientists understand what happens in nuclear reactions and why they produce so much energy. When the nucleus of a radioisotope undergoes fission or fusion in a nuclear reaction, it loses a tiny amount of mass. [SEP] much energy . When the nucleus of a radioisotope undergoes fission or fusion in a nuclear reaction , it loses a tiny amount of mass
This new idea turned science upside down when Einstein introduced it in the early 1900s. Amazingly, the idea has withstood the test of time as more and more evidence has been gathered to support it. You can listen to an explanation of Einsteins equation at URL: [SEP] more and more evidence has been gathered to support it .
This new idea turned science upside down when Einstein introduced it in the early 1900s. Amazingly, the idea has withstood the test of time as more and more evidence has been gathered to support it. You can listen to an explanation of Einsteins equation at URL: [SEP] Amazingly , the idea has withstood the test of time
: E stands for energy, m stands for mass, and c stands for the speed of light. The speed of light is 300,000 kilometers (186,000 miles) per second, so c2 is a very big number. Therefore, the amount of energy in even a small mass of matter is tremendous. [SEP] The speed of light is 300,000 kilometers -LRB- 186,000 miles -RRB- per second
: E stands for energy, m stands for mass, and c stands for the speed of light. The speed of light is 300,000 kilometers (186,000 miles) per second, so c2 is a very big number. Therefore, the amount of energy in even a small mass of matter is tremendous. [SEP] c2 is a very big number .
The speed of light is 300,000 kilometers (186,000 miles) per second, so c2 is a very big number. Therefore, the amount of energy in even a small mass of matter is tremendous. Suppose, for example, that you have 1 gram of matter. [SEP] speed of light is 300,000 kilometers -LRB- 186,000 miles -RRB- per second , so c2 is a very big number
The speed of light is 300,000 kilometers (186,000 miles) per second, so c2 is a very big number. Therefore, the amount of energy in even a small mass of matter is tremendous. Suppose, for example, that you have 1 gram of matter. [SEP] the amount of energy in even a small mass of matter is tremendous .
How do scientists know that mass is always conserved in chemical reactions? Careful experiments in the 1700s by a French chemist named Antoine Lavoisier led to this conclusion. Lavoisier carefully measured the mass of reactants and products in many different chemical reactions. [SEP] Antoine Lavoisier
How do scientists know that mass is always conserved in chemical reactions? Careful experiments in the 1700s by a French chemist named Antoine Lavoisier led to this conclusion. Lavoisier carefully measured the mass of reactants and products in many different chemical reactions. [SEP] this conclusion
He carried out the reactions inside a sealed jar, like the one in the Figure 1.1. In every case, the total mass of the jar and its contents was the same after the reaction as it was before the reaction took place. This showed that matter was neither created nor destroyed in the reactions. [SEP] it was before the reaction took place .
He carried out the reactions inside a sealed jar, like the one in the Figure 1.1. In every case, the total mass of the jar and its contents was the same after the reaction as it was before the reaction took place. This showed that matter was neither created nor destroyed in the reactions. [SEP] In every case , the total mass of the jar and its contents was the same after the reaction
Why was sealing the jar important for his results? What might his results have been if he hadnt sealed the jar? A: Sealing the jar was important so that any gases produced in the reactions were captured and could be measured. [SEP] he hadnt sealed the jar ?
Why was sealing the jar important for his results? What might his results have been if he hadnt sealed the jar? A: Sealing the jar was important so that any gases produced in the reactions were captured and could be measured. [SEP] might his results have been
What might his results have been if he hadnt sealed the jar? A: Sealing the jar was important so that any gases produced in the reactions were captured and could be measured. If he hadnt sealed the jar, gases might have escaped detection. [SEP] A : Sealing the jar was important
What might his results have been if he hadnt sealed the jar? A: Sealing the jar was important so that any gases produced in the reactions were captured and could be measured. If he hadnt sealed the jar, gases might have escaped detection. [SEP] any gases produced in the reactions were captured and could be measured .
A: Sealing the jar was important so that any gases produced in the reactions were captured and could be measured. If he hadnt sealed the jar, gases might have escaped detection. Then his results would have shown that there was less mass after the reactions than before. [SEP] he hadnt sealed the jar
A: Sealing the jar was important so that any gases produced in the reactions were captured and could be measured. If he hadnt sealed the jar, gases might have escaped detection. Then his results would have shown that there was less mass after the reactions than before. [SEP] gases might have escaped detection .
You can see one way this happens in the Figure 1.2. The land heats up and cools off faster than the water because it has lower specific heat. Therefore, the land gets warmer during the day and cooler at night than the water does. [SEP] it has lower specific heat .
You can see one way this happens in the Figure 1.2. The land heats up and cools off faster than the water because it has lower specific heat. Therefore, the land gets warmer during the day and cooler at night than the water does. [SEP] The land heats up and cools off faster than the water
The land heats up and cools off faster than the water because it has lower specific heat. Therefore, the land gets warmer during the day and cooler at night than the water does. During the day, warm air rises above the land and cool air from the water moves in to take its place. [SEP] The land heats up and cools off faster than the water because it has lower specific heat
The land heats up and cools off faster than the water because it has lower specific heat. Therefore, the land gets warmer during the day and cooler at night than the water does. During the day, warm air rises above the land and cool air from the water moves in to take its place. [SEP] the land gets warmer during the day and cooler at night than the water does .
When particles in one area of a fluid (in this case, the water at the bottom of the pot) gain thermal energy, they move more quickly, have more collisions, and spread farther apart. This decreases the density of the particles, so they rise up through the fluid. As they rise, they transfer their thermal energy to other particles of the fluid and cool off in the process. [SEP] This decreases the density of the particles
When particles in one area of a fluid (in this case, the water at the bottom of the pot) gain thermal energy, they move more quickly, have more collisions, and spread farther apart. This decreases the density of the particles, so they rise up through the fluid. As they rise, they transfer their thermal energy to other particles of the fluid and cool off in the process. [SEP] they rise up through the fluid .
This decreases the density of the particles, so they rise up through the fluid. As they rise, they transfer their thermal energy to other particles of the fluid and cool off in the process. With less energy, the particles move more slowly, have fewer collisions, and move closer together. [SEP] they rise , they transfer their thermal energy to other particles of the fluid and cool off in the process .
This decreases the density of the particles, so they rise up through the fluid. As they rise, they transfer their thermal energy to other particles of the fluid and cool off in the process. With less energy, the particles move more slowly, have fewer collisions, and move closer together. [SEP] they rise up through the fluid .
With less energy, the particles move more slowly, have fewer collisions, and move closer together. This increases their density, so they sink back down through the fluid. When they reach the bottom of the fluid, the cycle repeats. [SEP] This increases their density
With less energy, the particles move more slowly, have fewer collisions, and move closer together. This increases their density, so they sink back down through the fluid. When they reach the bottom of the fluid, the cycle repeats. [SEP] they sink back down through the fluid .
When they reach the bottom of the fluid, the cycle repeats. The result is a loop of moving particles called a convection current.  [SEP] When they reach the bottom of the fluid , the cycle repeats
When they reach the bottom of the fluid, the cycle repeats. The result is a loop of moving particles called a convection current.  [SEP] a loop of moving particles called a convection current
A refrigerant is a substance such as FreonTM that has a low boiling point and changes between liquid and gaseous states as it passes through the refrigerator. As a liquid, the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas. [SEP] it passes through the refrigerator .
A refrigerant is a substance such as FreonTM that has a low boiling point and changes between liquid and gaseous states as it passes through the refrigerator. As a liquid, the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas. [SEP] A refrigerant is a substance such as FreonTM that has a low boiling point and changes between liquid and gaseous states
that has a low boiling point and changes between liquid and gaseous states as it passes through the refrigerator. As a liquid, the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas. As a gas, it transfers thermal energy to the warm air outside the refrigerator and changes back to a liquid. [SEP] a liquid , the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas .
that has a low boiling point and changes between liquid and gaseous states as it passes through the refrigerator. As a liquid, the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas. As a gas, it transfers thermal energy to the warm air outside the refrigerator and changes back to a liquid. [SEP] that has a low boiling point and changes between liquid and gaseous states as it passes through the refrigerator .
As a liquid, the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas. As a gas, it transfers thermal energy to the warm air outside the refrigerator and changes back to a liquid. Work is done by a refrigerator to move the refrigerant through the different components of the refrigerator. [SEP] a gas , it transfers thermal energy to the warm air outside the refrigerator and changes back to a liquid .
As a liquid, the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas. As a gas, it transfers thermal energy to the warm air outside the refrigerator and changes back to a liquid. Work is done by a refrigerator to move the refrigerant through the different components of the refrigerator. [SEP] As a liquid , the refrigerant absorbs thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator and changes to a gas .
A refrigerator, for example, transfers thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator to the warm air in the kitchen. If youve ever noticed how warm the back of a running refrigerator gets, then you know that it releases a lot of thermal energy into the room. Q: [SEP] youve ever noticed how warm the back of a running refrigerator gets
A refrigerator, for example, transfers thermal energy from the cool air inside the refrigerator to the warm air in the kitchen. If youve ever noticed how warm the back of a running refrigerator gets, then you know that it releases a lot of thermal energy into the room. Q: [SEP] you know that it releases a lot of thermal energy into the room .
 Covalent bonds form because they give atoms a more stable arrangement of electrons. Look at the oxygen atoms in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] they give atoms a more stable arrangement of electrons .
 Covalent bonds form because they give atoms a more stable arrangement of electrons. Look at the oxygen atoms in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] Covalent bonds form
Alone, each oxygen atom has six valence electrons. By sharing two pairs of valence electrons, each oxygen atom has a total of eight valence electrons. This fills its outer energy level, giving it the most stable arrangement of electrons. [SEP] sharing two pairs of valence electrons
Alone, each oxygen atom has six valence electrons. By sharing two pairs of valence electrons, each oxygen atom has a total of eight valence electrons. This fills its outer energy level, giving it the most stable arrangement of electrons. [SEP] , each oxygen atom has a total of eight valence electrons .
The oxygen atom shares one pair of valence electrons with each hydrogen atom. Each pair of shared electrons represents one covalent bond, so two covalent bonds hold the water molecule together. The diagram in the Figure 1.2 shows an example of covalent bonds between two atoms of the same element, in this case two atoms of oxygen. [SEP] Each pair of shared electrons represents one covalent bond
The oxygen atom shares one pair of valence electrons with each hydrogen atom. Each pair of shared electrons represents one covalent bond, so two covalent bonds hold the water molecule together. The diagram in the Figure 1.2 shows an example of covalent bonds between two atoms of the same element, in this case two atoms of oxygen. [SEP] two covalent bonds hold the water molecule together .
The diagram in the Figure 1.2 shows an example of covalent bonds between two atoms of the same element, in this case two atoms of oxygen. The diagram represents an oxygen molecule, so its not a new compound. Oxygen normally occurs in diatomic (two-atom) molecules. [SEP] The diagram represents an oxygen molecule
The diagram in the Figure 1.2 shows an example of covalent bonds between two atoms of the same element, in this case two atoms of oxygen. The diagram represents an oxygen molecule, so its not a new compound. Oxygen normally occurs in diatomic (two-atom) molecules. [SEP] its not a new compound . Oxygen normally occurs in diatomic -LRB- two-atom -RRB- molecules
How many covalent bonds hold the oxygen molecule together? A: The two oxygen atoms share two pairs of electrons, so two covalent bonds hold the oxygen molecule together.  [SEP] : The two oxygen atoms share two pairs of electrons
How many covalent bonds hold the oxygen molecule together? A: The two oxygen atoms share two pairs of electrons, so two covalent bonds hold the oxygen molecule together.  [SEP] two covalent bonds hold the oxygen molecule together .
Each sphere contains 60 carbon atoms, and each carbon atom is bonded to three others by single covalent bonds. The bonds are relatively weak, so fullerenes can dissolve and form solutions. Fullerenes were first discovered in 1985 and have been found in soot and meteorites. [SEP] The bonds are relatively weak
Each sphere contains 60 carbon atoms, and each carbon atom is bonded to three others by single covalent bonds. The bonds are relatively weak, so fullerenes can dissolve and form solutions. Fullerenes were first discovered in 1985 and have been found in soot and meteorites. [SEP] fullerenes can dissolve and form solutions .
The carbon atoms are arranged in layers, with strong bonds within each layer but only weak bonds between layers (see Figure 1.3). The weak bonds between layers allow the layers to slide over one another, so graphite is relatively soft and slippery. This makes it useful as a lubricant. [SEP] The weak bonds between layers allow the layers to slide over one another
The carbon atoms are arranged in layers, with strong bonds within each layer but only weak bonds between layers (see Figure 1.3). The weak bonds between layers allow the layers to slide over one another, so graphite is relatively soft and slippery. This makes it useful as a lubricant. [SEP] graphite is relatively soft and slippery .
A: Being slippery, graphite slides easily over paper when you write. Being soft, it rubs off on the paper, allowing you to leave marks. Graphites softness also allows you to sharpen it easily. [SEP] Being soft
A: Being slippery, graphite slides easily over paper when you write. Being soft, it rubs off on the paper, allowing you to leave marks. Graphites softness also allows you to sharpen it easily. [SEP] it rubs off on the paper , allowing you to leave marks .
Diamond is the hardest natural substance, and no other natural substance can scratch it. This property makes diamonds useful for cutting and grinding tools as well as for rings and other jewelry (see Figure 1.2).  [SEP] cutting and grinding tools
Diamond is the hardest natural substance, and no other natural substance can scratch it. This property makes diamonds useful for cutting and grinding tools as well as for rings and other jewelry (see Figure 1.2).  [SEP] This property makes diamonds useful
A: Diamond is clear whereas graphite is black. Diamond is also very hard, so it doesnt break easily. Graphite, in contrast, is soft and breaks very easily. [SEP] Diamond is also very hard
A: Diamond is clear whereas graphite is black. Diamond is also very hard, so it doesnt break easily. Graphite, in contrast, is soft and breaks very easily. [SEP] it doesnt break easily .
 Because Dalton thought atoms were the smallest particles of matter, he envisioned them as solid, hard spheres, like billiard (pool) balls, so he used wooden balls to model them. Three of his model atoms are pictured in the Figure and used to model compounds. [SEP] Because Dalton thought atoms were the smallest particles of matter , he envisioned them as solid , hard spheres , like billiard -LRB- pool -RRB- balls
 Because Dalton thought atoms were the smallest particles of matter, he envisioned them as solid, hard spheres, like billiard (pool) balls, so he used wooden balls to model them. Three of his model atoms are pictured in the Figure and used to model compounds. [SEP] he used wooden balls to model them .
 Because Dalton thought atoms were the smallest particles of matter, he envisioned them as solid, hard spheres, like billiard (pool) balls, so he used wooden balls to model them. Three of his model atoms are pictured in the Figure and used to model compounds. [SEP] Dalton thought atoms were the smallest particles of matter
 Because Dalton thought atoms were the smallest particles of matter, he envisioned them as solid, hard spheres, like billiard (pool) balls, so he used wooden balls to model them. Three of his model atoms are pictured in the Figure and used to model compounds. [SEP] he envisioned them as solid , hard spheres , like billiard -LRB- pool -RRB- balls
Dalton grew up in a working-class family. As an adult, he made a living by teaching and just did research in his spare time. Nonetheless, from his research he developed one of the most important theories in all of science. [SEP] an adult , he made a living by teaching and just did research in his spare time .
Dalton grew up in a working-class family. As an adult, he made a living by teaching and just did research in his spare time. Nonetheless, from his research he developed one of the most important theories in all of science. [SEP] Dalton grew up in a working-class family .
Nonetheless, from his research he developed one of the most important theories in all of science. Based on his research results, he was able to demonstrate that atoms actually do exist, something that Democritus had only guessed.  [SEP] his research results
Nonetheless, from his research he developed one of the most important theories in all of science. Based on his research results, he was able to demonstrate that atoms actually do exist, something that Democritus had only guessed.  [SEP] he was able to demonstrate that atoms actually do exist , something that Democritus had only guessed .
He showed that a given compound is always comprised of the same elements in the same whole-number ratio and that different compounds consist of different elements or ratios. This can happen, Dalton reasoned, only if elements are made of separate, discrete particles that cannot be subdivided.  [SEP] elements are made of separate , discrete particles that can not be subdivided .
He showed that a given compound is always comprised of the same elements in the same whole-number ratio and that different compounds consist of different elements or ratios. This can happen, Dalton reasoned, only if elements are made of separate, discrete particles that cannot be subdivided.  [SEP] This can happen , Dalton reasoned , only
These are charged particles that arrive on Earth from outer space. Background radiation is generally considered to be safe for living things.  [SEP] living things
These are charged particles that arrive on Earth from outer space. Background radiation is generally considered to be safe for living things.  [SEP] Background radiation is generally considered to be safe
Long-term exposure to radon can cause lung cancer. Exposure to higher levels of radiation can be very dangerous, even if the exposure is short-term. A single large dose of radiation can burn the skin and cause radiation sickness. [SEP] the exposure is short-term .
Long-term exposure to radon can cause lung cancer. Exposure to higher levels of radiation can be very dangerous, even if the exposure is short-term. A single large dose of radiation can burn the skin and cause radiation sickness. [SEP] Exposure to higher levels of radiation can be very dangerous , even
Nonliving things can also be damaged by radiation. For example, high levels of radiation can weaken metals by removing electrons. This is a problem in nuclear power plants and space vehicles because they are exposed to very high levels of radiation. [SEP] removing electrons
Nonliving things can also be damaged by radiation. For example, high levels of radiation can weaken metals by removing electrons. This is a problem in nuclear power plants and space vehicles because they are exposed to very high levels of radiation. [SEP] For example , high levels of radiation can weaken metals
For example, high levels of radiation can weaken metals by removing electrons. This is a problem in nuclear power plants and space vehicles because they are exposed to very high levels of radiation. Q: Can you tell when you are being exposed to radiation? [SEP] they are exposed to very high levels of radiation .
For example, high levels of radiation can weaken metals by removing electrons. This is a problem in nuclear power plants and space vehicles because they are exposed to very high levels of radiation. Q: Can you tell when you are being exposed to radiation? [SEP] This is a problem in nuclear power plants and space vehicles
Fortunately, there are devices such as Geiger counters that can detect radiation. A Geiger counter, like the one pictured in the Figure 1.1, contains atoms of a gas that is ionized if it encounters radiation. When this happens, the gas atoms change to ions that can carry an electric current. [SEP] it encounters radiation .
Fortunately, there are devices such as Geiger counters that can detect radiation. A Geiger counter, like the one pictured in the Figure 1.1, contains atoms of a gas that is ionized if it encounters radiation. When this happens, the gas atoms change to ions that can carry an electric current. [SEP] A Geiger counter , like the one pictured in the Figure 1.1 , contains atoms of a gas that is ionized
What ratio of hydrogen molecules (H2 ) to oxygen molecules (O2 ) is produced in the decomposition of water? A: Two hydrogen molecules per oxygen molecule are produced because water (H2 O) has a ratio of two hydrogen atoms to one oxygen atom.  [SEP] water -LRB- H2 O -RRB- has a ratio of two hydrogen atoms to one oxygen atom .
What ratio of hydrogen molecules (H2 ) to oxygen molecules (O2 ) is produced in the decomposition of water? A: Two hydrogen molecules per oxygen molecule are produced because water (H2 O) has a ratio of two hydrogen atoms to one oxygen atom.  [SEP] A : Two hydrogen molecules per oxygen molecule are produced
Democritus idea of the atom has been called the best guess in antiquity. Thats because it was correct in many ways, yet it was based on pure speculation. It really was just a guess. [SEP] it was correct in many ways
Democritus idea of the atom has been called the best guess in antiquity. Thats because it was correct in many ways, yet it was based on pure speculation. It really was just a guess. [SEP] yet it was based on pure speculation .
Democritus idea of the atom has been called the best guess in antiquity. Thats because it was correct in many ways, yet it was based on pure speculation. It really was just a guess. [SEP] pure speculation
Democritus idea of the atom has been called the best guess in antiquity. Thats because it was correct in many ways, yet it was based on pure speculation. It really was just a guess. [SEP] it
Instead, they consist of several kinds of smaller, simpler particles as well as a lot of empty space. In addition, atoms arent really indestructible because they can be changed to other forms of matter or energy.  [SEP] they can be changed to other forms of matter or energy .
Instead, they consist of several kinds of smaller, simpler particles as well as a lot of empty space. In addition, atoms arent really indestructible because they can be changed to other forms of matter or energy.  [SEP] In addition , atoms arent really indestructible
This sort of observation gave Democritus the idea that atoms are in constant, random motion. If this were true, Democritus thought, then atoms must always be bumping into each other. When they do, he surmised, they either bounce apart or stick together to form clumps of atoms. [SEP] this were true
This sort of observation gave Democritus the idea that atoms are in constant, random motion. If this were true, Democritus thought, then atoms must always be bumping into each other. When they do, he surmised, they either bounce apart or stick together to form clumps of atoms. [SEP] Democritus thought , then atoms must always be bumping into each other
A: The modern kinetic theory of matter is remarkably similar to Democritus ideas about the motion of atoms. According to this theory, atoms of matter are in constant random motion. This motion is greater in gases than in liquids, and it is greater in liquids than in solids. [SEP] this theory
A: The modern kinetic theory of matter is remarkably similar to Democritus ideas about the motion of atoms. According to this theory, atoms of matter are in constant random motion. This motion is greater in gases than in liquids, and it is greater in liquids than in solids. [SEP] atoms of matter are in constant random motion .
Like many other ancient Greek philosophers, he spent a lot of time wondering about the natural world. Democritus wondered, for example, what would happen if you cut a chunk of mattersuch as a piece of cheese into smaller and smaller pieces. He thought that a point would be reached at which the cheese could not be cut into still smaller pieces. [SEP] you cut a chunk of mattersuch as a piece of cheese into smaller and smaller pieces .
Like many other ancient Greek philosophers, he spent a lot of time wondering about the natural world. Democritus wondered, for example, what would happen if you cut a chunk of mattersuch as a piece of cheese into smaller and smaller pieces. He thought that a point would be reached at which the cheese could not be cut into still smaller pieces. [SEP] Democritus wondered , for example , what would happen
 Democritus thought that different kinds of matter vary because of the size, shape, and arrangement of their atoms. For example, he suggested that sweet substances are made of smooth atoms and bitter substances are made of sharp atoms. [SEP] Democritus thought that different kinds of matter vary
 Democritus thought that different kinds of matter vary because of the size, shape, and arrangement of their atoms. For example, he suggested that sweet substances are made of smooth atoms and bitter substances are made of sharp atoms. [SEP] . For example , he suggested that sweet substances are made of smooth atoms and bitter substances are made of sharp
He speculated that atoms of liquids are slippery, which allows them to slide over each other and liquids to flow. Atoms of solids, in contrast, stick together, so they cannot move apart. Differences in the weight of matter, he argued, could be explained by the closeness of atoms. [SEP] Atoms of solids , in contrast , stick together
He speculated that atoms of liquids are slippery, which allows them to slide over each other and liquids to flow. Atoms of solids, in contrast, stick together, so they cannot move apart. Differences in the weight of matter, he argued, could be explained by the closeness of atoms. [SEP] they can not move apart .
The mean is the average value. It is calculated by adding the individual measurements and dividing the sum by the total number of measurements. The median is the middle value. [SEP] adding the individual measurements and dividing the sum by the total number of measurements
The mean is the average value. It is calculated by adding the individual measurements and dividing the sum by the total number of measurements. The median is the middle value. [SEP] It is calculated
The median and mode are both 58 cm as well. The mean, median, and mode are not always the same, as they are for this sample. In fact, sometimes these three statistics are very different from one another for the same sample. [SEP] they are for this sample .
The median and mode are both 58 cm as well. The mean, median, and mode are not always the same, as they are for this sample. In fact, sometimes these three statistics are very different from one another for the same sample. [SEP] The mean , median , and mode are not always the same
The range is the total spread of values in a sample. It is calculated by subtracting the smallest value from the largest value. Q: What is the range of heights in the sample of children in the previous question? [SEP] subtracting the smallest value from the largest value
The range is the total spread of values in a sample. It is calculated by subtracting the smallest value from the largest value. Q: What is the range of heights in the sample of children in the previous question? [SEP] It is calculated
For example, to go to the school from Jordans house, you would travel from east to west. If you wanted to go on to the post office, you would change direction at the school and then travel from south to north.  [SEP] you wanted to go on to the post office
For example, to go to the school from Jordans house, you would travel from east to west. If you wanted to go on to the post office, you would change direction at the school and then travel from south to north.  [SEP] you would change direction at the school and then travel from south to north .
It may be represented by an arrow. If you are representing motion with an arrow, the length of the arrow represents distance, and the way the arrow points represents direction. The red arrows on the map in the Figure 1.1 are vectors for Jordans route from his house to the school and from the school to the post office. [SEP] you are representing motion with an arrow
It may be represented by an arrow. If you are representing motion with an arrow, the length of the arrow represents distance, and the way the arrow points represents direction. The red arrows on the map in the Figure 1.1 are vectors for Jordans route from his house to the school and from the school to the post office. [SEP] the length of the arrow represents distance , and
The distance from Jordans house to the post office is 3 km. But if Jordan told a friend how to reach the post office from his house, he couldnt just say go 3 kilometers. The friend might end up at the park instead of the post office. [SEP] Jordan told a friend how to reach the post office from his house
The distance from Jordans house to the post office is 3 km. But if Jordan told a friend how to reach the post office from his house, he couldnt just say go 3 kilometers. The friend might end up at the park instead of the post office. [SEP] he couldnt just say go 3 kilometers .
The sound waves from the police car siren travel outward in all directions. Because the car is racing forward (to the left), the sound waves get bunched up in front of the car and spread out behind it. Sound waves that are closer together have a higher frequency, and sound waves that are farther apart have a lower frequency. [SEP] the car is racing forward -LRB- to the left -RRB-
The sound waves from the police car siren travel outward in all directions. Because the car is racing forward (to the left), the sound waves get bunched up in front of the car and spread out behind it. Sound waves that are closer together have a higher frequency, and sound waves that are farther apart have a lower frequency. [SEP] the sound waves get bunched up in front of the car and spread out behind it .
This listener hears the pitch of the siren get higher. As the car speeds away from listener B, the sound waves get farther apart, decreasing their frequency. This listener hears the pitch of the siren get lower. [SEP] the car speeds away from listener B , the sound waves get farther apart , decreasing their frequency .
This listener hears the pitch of the siren get higher. As the car speeds away from listener B, the sound waves get farther apart, decreasing their frequency. This listener hears the pitch of the siren get lower. [SEP] This listener hears the pitch of the siren get higher .
Q: What will the siren sound like to listener A after the police car passes him? A: The siren will suddenly get lower in pitch because the sound waves will be much more spread out and have a lower frequency.  [SEP] the sound waves will be much more spread out and have a lower frequency .
Q: What will the siren sound like to listener A after the police car passes him? A: The siren will suddenly get lower in pitch because the sound waves will be much more spread out and have a lower frequency.  [SEP] A : The siren will suddenly get lower in pitch
The like poles of two magnets repel each other, and the opposite poles attract. So why doesnt the north end of a compass needle point to Earths south magnetic pole instead? A: The answer may surprise you. [SEP] The like poles of two magnets repel each other , and the opposite poles attract
The like poles of two magnets repel each other, and the opposite poles attract. So why doesnt the north end of a compass needle point to Earths south magnetic pole instead? A: The answer may surprise you. [SEP] why doesnt the north end of a compass needle point to Earths south magnetic pole instead ?
The compass needle actually does point to the south pole of magnet Earth. However, it is called the north magnetic pole because it is close to the north geographic pole. This naming convention was adopted a long time ago to avoid confusion. [SEP] it is close to the north geographic pole .
The compass needle actually does point to the south pole of magnet Earth. However, it is called the north magnetic pole because it is close to the north geographic pole. This naming convention was adopted a long time ago to avoid confusion. [SEP] However , it is called the north magnetic pole
Efficiency is the percent of work put into a machine by the user (input work) that becomes work done by the machine (output work). The output work is always less than the input work because some of the input work is used to overcome friction. Therefore, efficiency is always less than 100 percent. [SEP] some of the input work is used to overcome friction .
Efficiency is the percent of work put into a machine by the user (input work) that becomes work done by the machine (output work). The output work is always less than the input work because some of the input work is used to overcome friction. Therefore, efficiency is always less than 100 percent. [SEP] The output work is always less than the input work
The output work is always less than the input work because some of the input work is used to overcome friction. Therefore, efficiency is always less than 100 percent. The closer to 100 percent a machines efficiency is, the better it is at reducing friction. [SEP] The output work is always less than the input work because some of the input work is used to overcome friction
The output work is always less than the input work because some of the input work is used to overcome friction. Therefore, efficiency is always less than 100 percent. The closer to 100 percent a machines efficiency is, the better it is at reducing friction. [SEP] efficiency is always less than 100 percent .
Q: Why would it be more efficient to use a dolly to roll the furniture up the ramp? A: There would be less friction to overcome if you used a dolly because of the wheels. So the efficiency of the ramp would be greater with the dolly. [SEP] A : There would be less friction to overcome if you used a dolly
Q: Why would it be more efficient to use a dolly to roll the furniture up the ramp? A: There would be less friction to overcome if you used a dolly because of the wheels. So the efficiency of the ramp would be greater with the dolly. [SEP] . So the efficiency of the ramp would be greater with the dolly
A: There would be less friction to overcome if you used a dolly because of the wheels. So the efficiency of the ramp would be greater with the dolly.  [SEP] : There would be less friction to overcome if you used a dolly because of the wheels
A: There would be less friction to overcome if you used a dolly because of the wheels. So the efficiency of the ramp would be greater with the dolly.  [SEP] the efficiency of the ramp would be greater with the dolly .
 A dolly is a machine because it changes a force to make work easier. What is work? [SEP] it changes a force to make work easier .
 A dolly is a machine because it changes a force to make work easier. What is work? [SEP] A dolly is a machine
In fact, a machine always does less work on an object than the user does on the machine. Thats because a machine must use some of the work put into it to overcome friction. Friction is the force that opposes motion between any surfaces that are touching. [SEP] a machine must use some of the work put into it to overcome friction .
In fact, a machine always does less work on an object than the user does on the machine. Thats because a machine must use some of the work put into it to overcome friction. Friction is the force that opposes motion between any surfaces that are touching. [SEP] fact , a machine always does less work on an object than the user does on the machine . Thats
Friction is the force that opposes motion between any surfaces that are touching. All machines involve motion, so they all have friction. How much work is needed to overcome friction in a machine depends on the machines efficiency. [SEP] All machines involve motion
Friction is the force that opposes motion between any surfaces that are touching. All machines involve motion, so they all have friction. How much work is needed to overcome friction in a machine depends on the machines efficiency. [SEP] they all have friction .
A law in science is a description of what always occurs in nature. For example, according to Newtons law, objects on Earth always fall down, not up. What is needed to explain gravity? [SEP] Newtons law
A law in science is a description of what always occurs in nature. For example, according to Newtons law, objects on Earth always fall down, not up. What is needed to explain gravity? [SEP] objects on Earth always fall down , not up .
It will roll down toward the bowling ball. This apparent attraction to the bowling ball occurs because the trampoline curves downward, not because the two balls are actually attracted to one another by an invisible force called gravity. Einstein theorized that the sun and other very massive bodies affect space and time around them in a way that is similar to the effect of the bowling ball on the trampoline. [SEP] the trampoline curves downward
It will roll down toward the bowling ball. This apparent attraction to the bowling ball occurs because the trampoline curves downward, not because the two balls are actually attracted to one another by an invisible force called gravity. Einstein theorized that the sun and other very massive bodies affect space and time around them in a way that is similar to the effect of the bowling ball on the trampoline. [SEP] not because the two balls are actually attracted to one another by an invisible force called gravity .
This idea is represented by the Figure 1.1. According to Einstein, objects move toward one another because of the curves in space-time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction. Einsteins theory is supported by evidence and widely accepted today, although Newtons law is still used for many calculations. [SEP] According to Einstein , objects move toward one another
This idea is represented by the Figure 1.1. According to Einstein, objects move toward one another because of the curves in space-time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction. Einsteins theory is supported by evidence and widely accepted today, although Newtons law is still used for many calculations. [SEP] , not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction .
This idea is represented by the Figure 1.1. According to Einstein, objects move toward one another because of the curves in space-time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction. Einsteins theory is supported by evidence and widely accepted today, although Newtons law is still used for many calculations. [SEP] Einstein
This idea is represented by the Figure 1.1. According to Einstein, objects move toward one another because of the curves in space-time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction. Einsteins theory is supported by evidence and widely accepted today, although Newtons law is still used for many calculations. [SEP] objects move toward one another
In the early 1900s, Albert Einstein came up with a theory of gravity that actually explains gravity rather than simply describing its effects. Einstein showed mathematically that gravity is not really a force that of attraction between all objects with mass, as Newton thought. Instead, Einstein showed that gravity is a result of the warping, or curving, of space and time, which made up the same space-time fabric. [SEP] Newton thought .
In the early 1900s, Albert Einstein came up with a theory of gravity that actually explains gravity rather than simply describing its effects. Einstein showed mathematically that gravity is not really a force that of attraction between all objects with mass, as Newton thought. Instead, Einstein showed that gravity is a result of the warping, or curving, of space and time, which made up the same space-time fabric. [SEP] Einstein showed mathematically that gravity is not really a force that of attraction between all objects with mass
This property is called elasticity. As you stretch or compress an elastic material like a bungee cord, it resists the change in shape. It exerts a counter force in the opposite direction. [SEP] you stretch or compress an elastic material like a bungee cord , it resists the change in shape .
This property is called elasticity. As you stretch or compress an elastic material like a bungee cord, it resists the change in shape. It exerts a counter force in the opposite direction. [SEP] This property is called elasticity .
When does the bungee cord snap back to its original shape? A: After the bungee jumper jumps, he accelerates toward the ground due to gravity. His weight stretches the bungee cord. [SEP] gravity
When does the bungee cord snap back to its original shape? A: After the bungee jumper jumps, he accelerates toward the ground due to gravity. His weight stretches the bungee cord. [SEP] A : After the bungee jumper jumps , he accelerates toward the ground
His weight stretches the bungee cord. As the bungee cord stretches, it exerts elastic force upward against the jumper, which slows his descent and brings him to a momentary stop. Then the bungee cord springs back to its original shape, and the jumper bounces upward. [SEP] the bungee cord stretches , it exerts elastic force upward against the jumper , which slows his descent and brings him to a momentary stop .
His weight stretches the bungee cord. As the bungee cord stretches, it exerts elastic force upward against the jumper, which slows his descent and brings him to a momentary stop. Then the bungee cord springs back to its original shape, and the jumper bounces upward. [SEP] His weight stretches the bungee cord .
The field lines in the diagram represent the direction and location of the magnetic force. Because of the field surrounding a magnet, it can exert force on objects without touching them. They just have to be within its magnetic field. [SEP] The field lines in the diagram represent the direction and location of the magnetic force
The field lines in the diagram represent the direction and location of the magnetic force. Because of the field surrounding a magnet, it can exert force on objects without touching them. They just have to be within its magnetic field. [SEP] , it can exert force on objects without touching them .
Both fields are also perpendicular to the direction that the wave travels. Therefore, an electromagnetic wave is a transverse wave. However, unlike a mechanical transverse wave, which can only travel through matter, an electromagnetic transverse wave can travel through empty space. [SEP] Both fields are also perpendicular to the direction that the wave travels
Both fields are also perpendicular to the direction that the wave travels. Therefore, an electromagnetic wave is a transverse wave. However, unlike a mechanical transverse wave, which can only travel through matter, an electromagnetic transverse wave can travel through empty space. [SEP] an electromagnetic wave is a transverse wave .
However, unlike a mechanical transverse wave, which can only travel through matter, an electromagnetic transverse wave can travel through empty space. When waves travel through matter, they lose some energy to the matter as they pass through it. But when waves travel through space, no energy is lost. [SEP] they pass through it .
However, unlike a mechanical transverse wave, which can only travel through matter, an electromagnetic transverse wave can travel through empty space. When waves travel through matter, they lose some energy to the matter as they pass through it. But when waves travel through space, no energy is lost. [SEP] When waves travel through matter , they lose some energy to the matter
But when waves travel through space, no energy is lost. Therefore, electromagnetic waves dont get weaker as they travel. However, the energy is diluted as it travels farther from its source because it spreads out over an ever-larger area. [SEP] But when waves travel through space , no energy is lost
But when waves travel through space, no energy is lost. Therefore, electromagnetic waves dont get weaker as they travel. However, the energy is diluted as it travels farther from its source because it spreads out over an ever-larger area. [SEP] electromagnetic waves dont get weaker as they travel .
Therefore, electromagnetic waves dont get weaker as they travel. However, the energy is diluted as it travels farther from its source because it spreads out over an ever-larger area.  [SEP] it spreads out over an ever-larger area .
Therefore, electromagnetic waves dont get weaker as they travel. However, the energy is diluted as it travels farther from its source because it spreads out over an ever-larger area.  [SEP] However , the energy is diluted as it travels farther from its source
Therefore, electromagnetic waves dont get weaker as they travel. However, the energy is diluted as it travels farther from its source because it spreads out over an ever-larger area.  [SEP] it travels farther from its source
Therefore, electromagnetic waves dont get weaker as they travel. However, the energy is diluted as it travels farther from its source because it spreads out over an ever-larger area.  [SEP] However , the energy is diluted
In the mid-1920s, an Austrian scientist named Erwin Schrdinger thought that the problem with Bohrs model was restricting the electrons to specific orbits. He wondered if electrons might behave like light, which scientists already knew had properties of both particles and waves. Schrdinger speculated that electrons might also travel in waves. [SEP] electrons might behave like light , which scientists already knew had properties of both particles and waves .
In the mid-1920s, an Austrian scientist named Erwin Schrdinger thought that the problem with Bohrs model was restricting the electrons to specific orbits. He wondered if electrons might behave like light, which scientists already knew had properties of both particles and waves. Schrdinger speculated that electrons might also travel in waves. [SEP] He wondered
Schrdinger developed an equation that could be used to calculate the chances of an electron being in any given place around the nucleus. Based on his calculations, he identified regions around the nucleus where electrons are most likely to be. He called these regions orbitals. [SEP] his calculations
Schrdinger developed an equation that could be used to calculate the chances of an electron being in any given place around the nucleus. Based on his calculations, he identified regions around the nucleus where electrons are most likely to be. He called these regions orbitals. [SEP] he identified regions around the nucleus where electrons are most likely to be .
He called these regions orbitals. As you can see in the Figure 1.2, orbitals may be shaped like spheres, dumbbells, or rings. In each case, the nucleus of the atom is at the center of the orbital. [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.2 , orbitals may be shaped like spheres , dumbbells , or rings .
He called these regions orbitals. As you can see in the Figure 1.2, orbitals may be shaped like spheres, dumbbells, or rings. In each case, the nucleus of the atom is at the center of the orbital. [SEP] He called these regions orbitals .
You can see the model in Figure 1.1 for an atom of the element nitrogen. Bohrs model is useful for understanding properties of elements and their chemical interactions. However, it doesnt explain certain behaviors of electrons, except for those in the simplest atom, the hydrogen atom. [SEP] understanding properties of elements and their chemical interactions
You can see the model in Figure 1.1 for an atom of the element nitrogen. Bohrs model is useful for understanding properties of elements and their chemical interactions. However, it doesnt explain certain behaviors of electrons, except for those in the simplest atom, the hydrogen atom. [SEP] Bohrs model is useful
The modern model is also commonly called the electron cloud model. Thats because each orbital around the nucleus of the atom resembles a fuzzy cloud around the nucleus, like the ones shown in the Figure 1.3 for a helium atom. The densest area of the cloud is where the electrons have the greatest chances of being. [SEP] each orbital around the nucleus of the atom resembles a fuzzy cloud around the nucleus
The modern model is also commonly called the electron cloud model. Thats because each orbital around the nucleus of the atom resembles a fuzzy cloud around the nucleus, like the ones shown in the Figure 1.3 for a helium atom. The densest area of the cloud is where the electrons have the greatest chances of being. [SEP] like the ones shown in the Figure 1.3 for a helium
Unlike protons and neutrons, which are located inside the nucleus at the center of the atom, electrons are found outside the nucleus. Because opposite electric charges attract each other, negative electrons are attracted to the positive nucleus. This force of attraction keeps electrons constantly moving through the otherwise empty space around the nucleus. [SEP] opposite electric charges attract each other
Unlike protons and neutrons, which are located inside the nucleus at the center of the atom, electrons are found outside the nucleus. Because opposite electric charges attract each other, negative electrons are attracted to the positive nucleus. This force of attraction keeps electrons constantly moving through the otherwise empty space around the nucleus. [SEP] negative electrons are attracted to the positive nucleus .
Electrons are extremely small. The mass of an electron is only about 1/2000 the mass of a proton or neutron, so electrons contribute virtually nothing to the total mass of an atom. Electrons have an electric charge of -1, which is equal but opposite to the charge of proton, which is +1. [SEP] The mass of an electron is only about 1/2000 the mass of a proton or neutron
Electrons are extremely small. The mass of an electron is only about 1/2000 the mass of a proton or neutron, so electrons contribute virtually nothing to the total mass of an atom. Electrons have an electric charge of -1, which is equal but opposite to the charge of proton, which is +1. [SEP] electrons contribute virtually nothing to the total mass of an atom .
Electrons have an electric charge of -1, which is equal but opposite to the charge of proton, which is +1. All atoms have the same number of electrons as protons, so the positive and negative charges cancel out, making atoms electrically neutral.  [SEP] All atoms have the same number of electrons as protons
Electrons have an electric charge of -1, which is equal but opposite to the charge of proton, which is +1. All atoms have the same number of electrons as protons, so the positive and negative charges cancel out, making atoms electrically neutral.  [SEP] the positive and negative charges cancel out , making atoms electrically neutral .
Electrons at lower energy levels, which are closer to the nucleus, have less energy. At the lowest energy level, which has the least energy, there is just one orbital, so this energy level has a maximum of two electrons. Only when a lower energy level is full are electrons added to the next higher energy level. [SEP] At the lowest energy level , which has the least energy , there is just one orbital
Electrons at lower energy levels, which are closer to the nucleus, have less energy. At the lowest energy level, which has the least energy, there is just one orbital, so this energy level has a maximum of two electrons. Only when a lower energy level is full are electrons added to the next higher energy level. [SEP] this energy level has a maximum of two electrons .
They determine many of the properties of an element. Thats because these electrons are involved in chemical reactions with other atoms. Atoms may share or transfer valence electrons. [SEP] these electrons are involved in chemical reactions with other atoms .
They determine many of the properties of an element. Thats because these electrons are involved in chemical reactions with other atoms. Atoms may share or transfer valence electrons. [SEP] determine many of the properties of an element . Thats
A: To change energy levels, an electron must either gain or lose energy. Thats because electrons at higher energy levels have more energy than electrons at lower energy levels.  [SEP] electrons at higher energy levels have more energy than electrons at lower energy levels .
A: To change energy levels, an electron must either gain or lose energy. Thats because electrons at higher energy levels have more energy than electrons at lower energy levels.  [SEP] change energy levels , an electron must either gain or lose energy . Thats
A: Helium is a gas that has a lower density than air. Thats why helium balloons have to be weighted down so they wont float away. Q: Living things, like all matter, are made of elements. [SEP] Thats why helium balloons have to be weighted down
A: Helium is a gas that has a lower density than air. Thats why helium balloons have to be weighted down so they wont float away. Q: Living things, like all matter, are made of elements. [SEP] they wont float away .
A pure substance is called an element. An element is a pure substance because it cannot be separated into any other substances. Currently, 92 different elements are known to exist in nature, although additional elements have been formed in labs. [SEP] it can not be separated into any other substances .
A pure substance is called an element. An element is a pure substance because it cannot be separated into any other substances. Currently, 92 different elements are known to exist in nature, although additional elements have been formed in labs. [SEP] An element is a pure substance
About 2500 years ago, the Greek philosopher Aristotle argued that all matter is made up of just four elements, which he identified as earth, air, water, and fire. He thought that different substances vary in their properties because they contain different proportions of these four elements. Aristotle had the right idea, but he was wrong about which substances are elements. [SEP] they contain different proportions of these four elements .
About 2500 years ago, the Greek philosopher Aristotle argued that all matter is made up of just four elements, which he identified as earth, air, water, and fire. He thought that different substances vary in their properties because they contain different proportions of these four elements. Aristotle had the right idea, but he was wrong about which substances are elements. [SEP] He thought that different substances vary in their properties
Carbon is also a major component of sugar (right). Q: Why do you think coal and sugar are so different from one another when carbon is a major component of each A: Coal and sugar differ from one another because they contain different proportions of carbon and other elements. [SEP] Q : Why do you think coal and sugar are
Carbon is also a major component of sugar (right). Q: Why do you think coal and sugar are so different from one another when carbon is a major component of each A: Coal and sugar differ from one another because they contain different proportions of carbon and other elements. [SEP] different from one another when carbon is a major component of each A : Coal and sugar differ from one another because they contain different proportions of carbon and other elements
Q: Why do you think coal and sugar are so different from one another when carbon is a major component of each A: Coal and sugar differ from one another because they contain different proportions of carbon and other elements. For example, coal is about 85 percent carbon, whereas table sugar is about 42 percent carbon. [SEP] they contain different proportions of carbon and other elements .
Q: Why do you think coal and sugar are so different from one another when carbon is a major component of each A: Coal and sugar differ from one another because they contain different proportions of carbon and other elements. For example, coal is about 85 percent carbon, whereas table sugar is about 42 percent carbon. [SEP] when carbon is a major component of each A : Coal and sugar differ from one another
Without light energy, photosynthesis cannot occur. As you can see in the Figure 1.2, plants can get the energy they need for photosynthesis from either sunlight or artificial light.  [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.2 , plants can get the energy they need for photosynthesis from either sunlight or artificial light .
Without light energy, photosynthesis cannot occur. As you can see in the Figure 1.2, plants can get the energy they need for photosynthesis from either sunlight or artificial light.  [SEP] Without light energy , photosynthesis can not occur .
This is illustrated in the Figure 1.1. Energy must be constantly added because not enough energy is released when the products form to break more bonds in the reactants. The general equation for an endothermic reaction is: Reactants + Energy  Products Note: [SEP] not enough energy is released when the products form to break more bonds in the reactants .
This is illustrated in the Figure 1.1. Energy must be constantly added because not enough energy is released when the products form to break more bonds in the reactants. The general equation for an endothermic reaction is: Reactants + Energy  Products Note: [SEP] Energy must be constantly added
 Because energy is the ability to do work, it is expressed in the same unit that is used for work. The SI unit for both work and energy is the joule (J), or Newton  meter (N  m). [SEP] energy is the ability to do work
 Because energy is the ability to do work, it is expressed in the same unit that is used for work. The SI unit for both work and energy is the joule (J), or Newton  meter (N  m). [SEP] it is expressed in the same unit that is used for work .
 If you think about different sources of energysuch as batteries and the sunyou probably realize that energy can take different forms. For example, when the boy swings his tennis racket, the energy of the moving racket is an example of mechanical energy. [SEP] batteries and the sunyou probably realize that energy can take different forms .
 If you think about different sources of energysuch as batteries and the sunyou probably realize that energy can take different forms. For example, when the boy swings his tennis racket, the energy of the moving racket is an example of mechanical energy. [SEP] you think about different sources of energysuch
Energy is defined in science as the ability to move matter or change matter in some other way. Energy can also be defined as the ability to do work, which means using force to move an object over a distance. When work is done, energy is transferred from one object to another. [SEP] the ability to do work , which means using force to move an object over a distance .
Energy is defined in science as the ability to move matter or change matter in some other way. Energy can also be defined as the ability to do work, which means using force to move an object over a distance. When work is done, energy is transferred from one object to another. [SEP] Energy can also be defined
 By clicking a link below, you will leave the CK-12 site and open an external site in a new tab. This page will remain open in the original tab. [SEP] clicking a link below
 By clicking a link below, you will leave the CK-12 site and open an external site in a new tab. This page will remain open in the original tab. [SEP] , you will leave the CK-12 site and open an external site in a new tab .
At one time this statement was true, but no longer. Since the 1960s, we have sent many spacecraft into space. Some are still traveling away from Earth. [SEP] the 1960s , we have sent many spacecraft into
At one time this statement was true, but no longer. Since the 1960s, we have sent many spacecraft into space. Some are still traveling away from Earth. [SEP] this statement was true , but no longer .
Some are still traveling away from Earth. So it is possible to overcome gravity. Do you need a giant rocket to overcome gravity? [SEP] Some are still traveling away from Earth
Some are still traveling away from Earth. So it is possible to overcome gravity. Do you need a giant rocket to overcome gravity? [SEP] it is possible to overcome gravity .
You know that a force is a push or pull. If you push a ball, it starts to roll. If you lift a book, it moves upward. [SEP] you push a ball
You know that a force is a push or pull. If you push a ball, it starts to roll. If you lift a book, it moves upward. [SEP] it starts to roll .
If you push a ball, it starts to roll. If you lift a book, it moves upward. Now, imagine you drop a ball. [SEP] you lift a book
If you push a ball, it starts to roll. If you lift a book, it moves upward. Now, imagine you drop a ball. [SEP] it moves upward .
All this motion may cause you to fly off the Earth! You can thank gravity for keeping you in place. Gravity keeps us firmly down on the ground. [SEP] keeping you in place
All this motion may cause you to fly off the Earth! You can thank gravity for keeping you in place. Gravity keeps us firmly down on the ground. [SEP] You can thank gravity
These electrons are called valence electrons, and they determine many of the properties of an atom. An atom is most stable if its outermost energy level contains as many electrons as it can hold. For example, helium has two electrons, both in the first energy level. [SEP] its outermost energy level contains as many electrons as it can hold .
These electrons are called valence electrons, and they determine many of the properties of an atom. An atom is most stable if its outermost energy level contains as many electrons as it can hold. For example, helium has two electrons, both in the first energy level. [SEP] An atom is most stable
For example, helium has two electrons, both in the first energy level. This energy level can hold only two electrons, so heliums only energy level is full. This makes helium a very stable element. [SEP] This energy level can hold only two electrons
For example, helium has two electrons, both in the first energy level. This energy level can hold only two electrons, so heliums only energy level is full. This makes helium a very stable element. [SEP] heliums only energy level is full .
Fluorine has seven of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level, which is energy level II. It would be more stable if it had one more electron because this would fill its outermost energy level. Lithium, on the other hand, has just one of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level (also energy level II). [SEP] this would fill its outermost energy level .
Fluorine has seven of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level, which is energy level II. It would be more stable if it had one more electron because this would fill its outermost energy level. Lithium, on the other hand, has just one of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level (also energy level II). [SEP] It would be more stable if it had one more electron
Fluorine has seven of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level, which is energy level II. It would be more stable if it had one more electron because this would fill its outermost energy level. Lithium, on the other hand, has just one of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level (also energy level II). [SEP] it had one more electron
Fluorine has seven of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level, which is energy level II. It would be more stable if it had one more electron because this would fill its outermost energy level. Lithium, on the other hand, has just one of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level (also energy level II). [SEP] It would be more stable
Lithium, on the other hand, has just one of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level (also energy level II). It would be more stable if it had one less electron because it would have a full outer energy level (now energy level I). Both fluorine and lithium are highly reactive elements because of their number of valence electrons. [SEP] it would have a full outer energy level -LRB- now energy level I -RRB- .
Lithium, on the other hand, has just one of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level (also energy level II). It would be more stable if it had one less electron because it would have a full outer energy level (now energy level I). Both fluorine and lithium are highly reactive elements because of their number of valence electrons. [SEP] It would be more stable if it had one less electron
Lithium, on the other hand, has just one of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level (also energy level II). It would be more stable if it had one less electron because it would have a full outer energy level (now energy level I). Both fluorine and lithium are highly reactive elements because of their number of valence electrons. [SEP] it had one less electron
Lithium, on the other hand, has just one of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level (also energy level II). It would be more stable if it had one less electron because it would have a full outer energy level (now energy level I). Both fluorine and lithium are highly reactive elements because of their number of valence electrons. [SEP] It would be more stable
It would be more stable if it had one less electron because it would have a full outer energy level (now energy level I). Both fluorine and lithium are highly reactive elements because of their number of valence electrons. Fluorine will readily gain one electron and lithium will just as readily give up one electron to become more stable. [SEP] Both fluorine and lithium are highly reactive elements
It would be more stable if it had one less electron because it would have a full outer energy level (now energy level I). Both fluorine and lithium are highly reactive elements because of their number of valence electrons. Fluorine will readily gain one electron and lithium will just as readily give up one electron to become more stable. [SEP] . Fluorine will readily gain one electron and lithium will just as readily give up one electron to become more stable
An orbital is a volume of space within an atom where an electron is most likely to be found. As you can see by the images in the Figure 1.2, some orbitals are shaped like spheres (S orbitals) and some are shaped like dumbbells (P orbitals). There are other types of orbitals as well. [SEP] you can see by the images in the Figure 1.2 , some orbitals are shaped like spheres -LRB- S orbitals -RRB- and some
An orbital is a volume of space within an atom where an electron is most likely to be found. As you can see by the images in the Figure 1.2, some orbitals are shaped like spheres (S orbitals) and some are shaped like dumbbells (P orbitals). There are other types of orbitals as well. [SEP] An orbital is a volume of space within an atom where an electron is most likely to be found .
Regardless of its shape, each orbital can hold a maximum of two electrons. Energy level I has just one orbital, so two electrons will fill this energy level. Energy level II has four orbitals, so it takes eight electrons to fill this energy level. [SEP] Energy level I has just one orbital
Regardless of its shape, each orbital can hold a maximum of two electrons. Energy level I has just one orbital, so two electrons will fill this energy level. Energy level II has four orbitals, so it takes eight electrons to fill this energy level. [SEP] two electrons will fill this energy level .
Energy level I has just one orbital, so two electrons will fill this energy level. Energy level II has four orbitals, so it takes eight electrons to fill this energy level. Q: [SEP] Energy level II has four orbitals
Energy level I has just one orbital, so two electrons will fill this energy level. Energy level II has four orbitals, so it takes eight electrons to fill this energy level. Q: [SEP] it takes eight electrons to fill this energy level .
Electrons in energy level I (also called energy level K) have the least amount of energy. As you go farther from the nucleus, electrons at higher levels have more energy, and their energy increases by a fixed, discrete amount. Electrons can jump from a lower to the next higher energy level if they absorb this amount of energy. [SEP] you go farther from the nucleus , electrons at higher levels have more energy , and
Electrons in energy level I (also called energy level K) have the least amount of energy. As you go farther from the nucleus, electrons at higher levels have more energy, and their energy increases by a fixed, discrete amount. Electrons can jump from a lower to the next higher energy level if they absorb this amount of energy. [SEP] Electrons in energy level I -LRB- also called energy level K -RRB- have the least amount of energy .
As you go farther from the nucleus, electrons at higher levels have more energy, and their energy increases by a fixed, discrete amount. Electrons can jump from a lower to the next higher energy level if they absorb this amount of energy. Conversely, if electrons jump from a higher to a lower energy level, they give off energy, often in the form of light. [SEP] they absorb this amount of energy .
As you go farther from the nucleus, electrons at higher levels have more energy, and their energy increases by a fixed, discrete amount. Electrons can jump from a lower to the next higher energy level if they absorb this amount of energy. Conversely, if electrons jump from a higher to a lower energy level, they give off energy, often in the form of light. [SEP] Electrons can jump from a lower to the next higher energy level
Electrons can jump from a lower to the next higher energy level if they absorb this amount of energy. Conversely, if electrons jump from a higher to a lower energy level, they give off energy, often in the form of light. This explains the fireworks pictured above. [SEP] electrons jump from a higher to a lower energy level
Electrons can jump from a lower to the next higher energy level if they absorb this amount of energy. Conversely, if electrons jump from a higher to a lower energy level, they give off energy, often in the form of light. This explains the fireworks pictured above. [SEP] they give off energy , often in the form of light .
When they jump back to their original energy levels, they release the energy as light. Different atoms have different arrangements of electrons, so they give off light of different colors. Q: [SEP] Different atoms have different arrangements of electrons
When they jump back to their original energy levels, they release the energy as light. Different atoms have different arrangements of electrons, so they give off light of different colors. Q: [SEP] they give off light of different colors .
One way this can happen is modeled in the Figure 1.1. Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions they catalyze, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Each enzyme is highly specific for the particular reaction is catalyzes, so enzymes are very effective. [SEP] Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions they catalyze
One way this can happen is modeled in the Figure 1.1. Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions they catalyze, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Each enzyme is highly specific for the particular reaction is catalyzes, so enzymes are very effective. [SEP] they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again .
Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions they catalyze, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Each enzyme is highly specific for the particular reaction is catalyzes, so enzymes are very effective. A reaction that would take many years to occur without its enzyme might occur in a split second with the enzyme. [SEP] Each enzyme is highly specific for the particular reaction is catalyzes
Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions they catalyze, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Each enzyme is highly specific for the particular reaction is catalyzes, so enzymes are very effective. A reaction that would take many years to occur without its enzyme might occur in a split second with the enzyme. [SEP] enzymes are very effective .
A reaction that would take many years to occur without its enzyme might occur in a split second with the enzyme. Enzymes are also very efficient, so waste products rarely form. Q: This model of enzyme action is called the lock-and-key model. [SEP] Enzymes are also very efficient
A reaction that would take many years to occur without its enzyme might occur in a split second with the enzyme. Enzymes are also very efficient, so waste products rarely form. Q: This model of enzyme action is called the lock-and-key model. [SEP] waste products rarely form .
Like other catalysts, they speed up chemical reactions. Enzymes are proteins that are synthesized in the cells that need them, based on instructions encoded in the cells DNA.  [SEP] instructions encoded in the cells DNA
Like other catalysts, they speed up chemical reactions. Enzymes are proteins that are synthesized in the cells that need them, based on instructions encoded in the cells DNA.  [SEP] Enzymes are proteins that are synthesized in the cells that need them
The general equation for an exothermic reaction is: Reactants  Products + Energy If the energy produced in an exothermic reaction is released as heat, it results in a rise in temperature. As a result, the products are likely to be warmer than the reactants. [SEP] heat , it results in a rise in temperature .
The general equation for an exothermic reaction is: Reactants  Products + Energy If the energy produced in an exothermic reaction is released as heat, it results in a rise in temperature. As a result, the products are likely to be warmer than the reactants. [SEP] the energy produced in an exothermic reaction is released
If the energy produced in an exothermic reaction is released as heat, it results in a rise in temperature. As a result, the products are likely to be warmer than the reactants. Note: H represents the change in en- ergy. [SEP] If the energy produced in an exothermic reaction is released as heat , it results in a rise in temperature
If the energy produced in an exothermic reaction is released as heat, it results in a rise in temperature. As a result, the products are likely to be warmer than the reactants. Note: H represents the change in en- ergy. [SEP] the products are likely to be warmer than the reactants .
Many hot water heaters burn a fuel such as natural gas. The burning fuel causes the water to get hot because combustion is an exothermic reaction.  [SEP] combustion is an exothermic reaction .
Many hot water heaters burn a fuel such as natural gas. The burning fuel causes the water to get hot because combustion is an exothermic reaction.  [SEP] The burning fuel causes the water to get hot
All combustion reactions are exothermic reactions. During a combustion reaction, a substance burns as it combines with oxygen. When substances burn, they usually give off energy as heat and light. [SEP] it combines with oxygen .
All combustion reactions are exothermic reactions. During a combustion reaction, a substance burns as it combines with oxygen. When substances burn, they usually give off energy as heat and light. [SEP] During a combustion reaction , a substance burns
You can see the light energy the fire is giving off. If you were standing near the fire, you would also feel its heat.  [SEP] you were standing near the fire
You can see the light energy the fire is giving off. If you were standing near the fire, you would also feel its heat.  [SEP] you would also feel its heat .
Materials that have been magnetized may become temporary or permanent magnets. If you bring a bar magnet close to pile of paper clips, the paper clips will become temporarily magnetized, as all their magnetic domains line up. As a result, the paper clips will stick to the magnet and also to each other (see the Figure 1.2). [SEP] you bring a bar magnet close to pile of paper clips
Materials that have been magnetized may become temporary or permanent magnets. If you bring a bar magnet close to pile of paper clips, the paper clips will become temporarily magnetized, as all their magnetic domains line up. As a result, the paper clips will stick to the magnet and also to each other (see the Figure 1.2). [SEP] the paper clips will become temporarily magnetized , as all their magnetic domains line up .
If you bring a bar magnet close to pile of paper clips, the paper clips will become temporarily magnetized, as all their magnetic domains line up. As a result, the paper clips will stick to the magnet and also to each other (see the Figure 1.2). However, if you remove the paper clips from the bar magnets magnetic field, their magnetic domains will no longer align. [SEP] If you bring a bar magnet close to pile of paper clips , the paper clips will become temporarily magnetized , as all their magnetic domains line up
If you bring a bar magnet close to pile of paper clips, the paper clips will become temporarily magnetized, as all their magnetic domains line up. As a result, the paper clips will stick to the magnet and also to each other (see the Figure 1.2). However, if you remove the paper clips from the bar magnets magnetic field, their magnetic domains will no longer align. [SEP] the paper clips will stick to the magnet and also to each other -LRB- see the Figure 1.2 -RRB- .
However, if you remove the paper clips from the bar magnets magnetic field, their magnetic domains will no longer align. As a result, the paper clips will no longer be magnetized or stick together. If you stroke an iron nail with a bar magnet, the nail will become a permanent (or at least long-lasting) magnet. [SEP] However , if you remove the paper clips from the bar magnets magnetic field , their magnetic domains will no longer align
However, if you remove the paper clips from the bar magnets magnetic field, their magnetic domains will no longer align. As a result, the paper clips will no longer be magnetized or stick together. If you stroke an iron nail with a bar magnet, the nail will become a permanent (or at least long-lasting) magnet. [SEP] the paper clips will no longer be magnetized or stick together .
As a result, the paper clips will no longer be magnetized or stick together. If you stroke an iron nail with a bar magnet, the nail will become a permanent (or at least long-lasting) magnet. You can see how its done in the Figure 1.3. [SEP] you stroke an iron nail with a bar magnet
As a result, the paper clips will no longer be magnetized or stick together. If you stroke an iron nail with a bar magnet, the nail will become a permanent (or at least long-lasting) magnet. You can see how its done in the Figure 1.3. [SEP] the nail will become a permanent -LRB- or at least long-lasting -RRB- magnet .
Q: Even permanent magnets can be demagnetized if they are dropped or heated to high temperatures. Can you explain why? [SEP] they are dropped or heated to high temperatures .
Q: Even permanent magnets can be demagnetized if they are dropped or heated to high temperatures. Can you explain why? [SEP] Even permanent magnets can be demagnetized
Magnetism is the ability of a material to be attracted by a magnet and to act as a magnet. Magnetism is due to the movement of electrons within atoms of matter. When electrons spin around the nucleus of an atom, it causes the atom to become a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. [SEP] the movement of electrons within atoms of matter
Magnetism is the ability of a material to be attracted by a magnet and to act as a magnet. Magnetism is due to the movement of electrons within atoms of matter. When electrons spin around the nucleus of an atom, it causes the atom to become a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. [SEP] Magnetism
When electrons spin around the nucleus of an atom, it causes the atom to become a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. In most materials, the north and south poles of atoms point in all different directions, so overall the material is not magnetic. Examples of nonmagnetic materials include wood, glass, plastic, paper, copper, and aluminum. [SEP] In most materials , the north and south poles of atoms point in all different directions
When electrons spin around the nucleus of an atom, it causes the atom to become a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. In most materials, the north and south poles of atoms point in all different directions, so overall the material is not magnetic. Examples of nonmagnetic materials include wood, glass, plastic, paper, copper, and aluminum. [SEP] overall the material is not magnetic .
These regions are called magnetic domains. Generally, the magnetic domains point in different directions, so the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized (made into a magnet) by placing it in a magnetic field. [SEP] Generally , the magnetic domains point in different directions
These regions are called magnetic domains. Generally, the magnetic domains point in different directions, so the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized (made into a magnet) by placing it in a magnetic field. [SEP] the material is still not magnetic .
Generally, the magnetic domains point in different directions, so the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized (made into a magnet) by placing it in a magnetic field. When this happens, all the magnetic domains line up, and the material becomes a magnet. [SEP] placing it in a magnetic field
Generally, the magnetic domains point in different directions, so the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized (made into a magnet) by placing it in a magnetic field. When this happens, all the magnetic domains line up, and the material becomes a magnet. [SEP] However , the material can be magnetized -LRB- made into a magnet -RRB-
Force is a vector, or a measure that has both size and direction. For example, Colton pushes on the ground in the opposite direction that the scooter moves, so thats the direction of the force he is applies. He can give the scooter a strong push or a weak push. [SEP] For example , Colton pushes on the ground in the opposite direction that the scooter moves
Force is a vector, or a measure that has both size and direction. For example, Colton pushes on the ground in the opposite direction that the scooter moves, so thats the direction of the force he is applies. He can give the scooter a strong push or a weak push. [SEP] thats the direction of the force he is applies .
Forces cause all motions. Everytime the motion of an object changes, its because a force has been applied to it. Force can cause a stationary object to start moving or a moving object to change its speed or direction or both. [SEP] a force has been applied to it .
Forces cause all motions. Everytime the motion of an object changes, its because a force has been applied to it. Force can cause a stationary object to start moving or a moving object to change its speed or direction or both. [SEP] Everytime the motion of an object changes , its
A: The SI unit for force is the Newton (N). A Newton is the force needed to cause a mass of 1 kilogram to accelerate at 1 m/s2 , so a Newton equals 1 kg  m/s2 . The Newton was named for the scientist Sir Isaac Newton, who is famous for his laws of motion and gravity. [SEP] A Newton is the force needed to cause a mass of 1 kilogram to accelerate at 1 m/s2
A: The SI unit for force is the Newton (N). A Newton is the force needed to cause a mass of 1 kilogram to accelerate at 1 m/s2 , so a Newton equals 1 kg  m/s2 . The Newton was named for the scientist Sir Isaac Newton, who is famous for his laws of motion and gravity. [SEP] a Newton equals 1 kg m/s2 .
Chemical energy is energy that is stored in the bonds between the atoms of compounds. If the bonds are broken, the energy is released and can be converted to other forms of energy. This portable guitar amplifier can run on batteries. [SEP] the bonds are broken
Chemical energy is energy that is stored in the bonds between the atoms of compounds. If the bonds are broken, the energy is released and can be converted to other forms of energy. This portable guitar amplifier can run on batteries. [SEP] the energy is released and can be converted to other forms of energy .
Thermal energy is the energy of moving atoms of matter. All matter has thermal energy because atoms of all matter are constantly moving. An object with more mass has greater thermal energy than an object with less mass because it has more atoms. [SEP] atoms of all matter are constantly moving .
Thermal energy is the energy of moving atoms of matter. All matter has thermal energy because atoms of all matter are constantly moving. An object with more mass has greater thermal energy than an object with less mass because it has more atoms. [SEP] All matter has thermal energy
All matter has thermal energy because atoms of all matter are constantly moving. An object with more mass has greater thermal energy than an object with less mass because it has more atoms. Why is this jogger sweating so much? [SEP] it has more atoms .
All matter has thermal energy because atoms of all matter are constantly moving. An object with more mass has greater thermal energy than an object with less mass because it has more atoms. Why is this jogger sweating so much? [SEP] An object with more mass has greater thermal energy than an object with less mass
An object with more mass has greater thermal energy than an object with less mass because it has more atoms. Why is this jogger sweating so much? His sweat is soaking up his shirt because he has so much thermal energy. [SEP] Why is this jogger sweating
An object with more mass has greater thermal energy than an object with less mass because it has more atoms. Why is this jogger sweating so much? His sweat is soaking up his shirt because he has so much thermal energy. [SEP] much ? His sweat is soaking up his shirt because he has so much thermal energy
Why is this jogger sweating so much? His sweat is soaking up his shirt because he has so much thermal energy. Jogging is hot work because of the heat from the sun and the hard work he puts into his run. [SEP] His sweat is soaking up his shirt because he has
Why is this jogger sweating so much? His sweat is soaking up his shirt because he has so much thermal energy. Jogging is hot work because of the heat from the sun and the hard work he puts into his run. [SEP] much thermal energy . Jogging is hot work because of the heat from the sun and the hard work he puts into his run
His sweat is soaking up his shirt because he has so much thermal energy. Jogging is hot work because of the heat from the sun and the hard work he puts into his run. 6. [SEP] Jogging is hot work
His sweat is soaking up his shirt because he has so much thermal energy. Jogging is hot work because of the heat from the sun and the hard work he puts into his run. 6. [SEP] he puts into his run .
For example, the singers voice 7. Nuclear energy is energy that is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that hold the nucleus together. The energy can be released in nuclear power plants by splitting nuclei apart. [SEP] Nuclear energy is energy that is stored in the nuclei of atoms
For example, the singers voice 7. Nuclear energy is energy that is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that hold the nucleus together. The energy can be released in nuclear power plants by splitting nuclei apart. [SEP] that hold the nucleus together .
Nuclear energy is energy that is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that hold the nucleus together. The energy can be released in nuclear power plants by splitting nuclei apart. It is also released when unstable (radioactive) nuclei break down, or decay. [SEP] splitting nuclei apart
Nuclear energy is energy that is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that hold the nucleus together. The energy can be released in nuclear power plants by splitting nuclei apart. It is also released when unstable (radioactive) nuclei break down, or decay. [SEP] The energy can be released in nuclear power plants
A : The fans see the concert because of electromagnetic energy (light) that enters their eyes from the well-lit musicians on stage. They hear the music because of the sound energy that reaches their ears from the amplifiers. [SEP] : The fans see the concert
A : The fans see the concert because of electromagnetic energy (light) that enters their eyes from the well-lit musicians on stage. They hear the music because of the sound energy that reaches their ears from the amplifiers. [SEP] -LRB- light -RRB- that enters their eyes from the well-lit musicians on
: The fans see the concert because of electromagnetic energy (light) that enters their eyes from the well-lit musicians on stage. They hear the music because of the sound energy that reaches their ears from the amplifiers. They use mechanical energy when they clap their hands and jump from their seats in excitement. [SEP] They hear the music
: The fans see the concert because of electromagnetic energy (light) that enters their eyes from the well-lit musicians on stage. They hear the music because of the sound energy that reaches their ears from the amplifiers. They use mechanical energy when they clap their hands and jump from their seats in excitement. [SEP] that reaches their ears from the amplifiers .
But do you know why? Friction causes the molecules on rubbing surfaces to move faster, so they have more energy. This gives them a higher temperature, and they feel warmer. [SEP] Friction causes the molecules on rubbing surfaces to move faster
But do you know why? Friction causes the molecules on rubbing surfaces to move faster, so they have more energy. This gives them a higher temperature, and they feel warmer. [SEP] they have more energy .
The oil coats the surfaces of the moving parts and makes them slippery. They slide over each other more easily, so there is less friction.  [SEP] They slide over each other more easily
The oil coats the surfaces of the moving parts and makes them slippery. They slide over each other more easily, so there is less friction.  [SEP] there is less friction .
Friction can work for or against us. For example, putting sand on an icy sidewalk increases friction so you are less likely to slip. On the other hand, too much friction between moving parts in a car engine can cause the parts to wear out. [SEP] For example , putting sand on an icy sidewalk increases friction
Friction can work for or against us. For example, putting sand on an icy sidewalk increases friction so you are less likely to slip. On the other hand, too much friction between moving parts in a car engine can cause the parts to wear out. [SEP] you are less likely to slip .
 Friction occurs because no surface is perfectly smooth. Even surfaces that look smooth to the unaided eye make look rough or bumpy when viewed under a microscope. [SEP] no surface is perfectly smooth .
 Friction occurs because no surface is perfectly smooth. Even surfaces that look smooth to the unaided eye make look rough or bumpy when viewed under a microscope. [SEP] Friction occurs
The aluminum foil These photos show two ways that friction is useful These photos show two ways that friction can cause problems is so smooth that its shiny. However, when highly magnified, the surface of metal appears to be very bumpy. [SEP] These photos show two ways that friction can cause problems is
The aluminum foil These photos show two ways that friction is useful These photos show two ways that friction can cause problems is so smooth that its shiny. However, when highly magnified, the surface of metal appears to be very bumpy. [SEP] smooth that its shiny . However , when highly magnified , the surface of metal appears to be very bumpy
They are responsible for the force of attraction or repulsion between all electrically charged matter, including the force of attraction between negative electrons and positive protons in an atom. Q: Gravitons have not yet been discovered so they have only been hypothesized to exist. What evidence do you think leads scientists to think that these hypothetical particles affect both leptons and quarks and that they carry force over all distances? [SEP] Q : Gravitons have not yet been discovered
They are responsible for the force of attraction or repulsion between all electrically charged matter, including the force of attraction between negative electrons and positive protons in an atom. Q: Gravitons have not yet been discovered so they have only been hypothesized to exist. What evidence do you think leads scientists to think that these hypothetical particles affect both leptons and quarks and that they carry force over all distances? [SEP] they have only been hypothesized to exist .
Neutrons also consist of three quarks: two down quarks and one up quark. Based on this information, what is the total electric charge of a proton? Of a neutron? [SEP] this information
Neutrons also consist of three quarks: two down quarks and one up quark. Based on this information, what is the total electric charge of a proton? Of a neutron? [SEP] what is the total electric charge of a
 Based on their knowledge of subatomic particles, scientists have developed a theory called the standard model to explain all the matter in the universe and how it is held together. The model includes only the fundamental particles in the Table 1.2. [SEP] their knowledge of subatomic particles
 Based on their knowledge of subatomic particles, scientists have developed a theory called the standard model to explain all the matter in the universe and how it is held together. The model includes only the fundamental particles in the Table 1.2. [SEP] scientists have developed a theory called the standard model to explain all the matter in the universe and how it is held together .
No other particles are needed to explain all kinds of matter. According to the model, all known matter consists of quarks and leptons that interact by exchanging bosons, which transmit fundamental forces. The standard model is a good theory because all of its predictions have been verified by experimental data. [SEP] the model
No other particles are needed to explain all kinds of matter. According to the model, all known matter consists of quarks and leptons that interact by exchanging bosons, which transmit fundamental forces. The standard model is a good theory because all of its predictions have been verified by experimental data. [SEP] all known matter consists of quarks and leptons that interact by exchanging bosons , which transmit fundamental forces .
According to the model, all known matter consists of quarks and leptons that interact by exchanging bosons, which transmit fundamental forces. The standard model is a good theory because all of its predictions have been verified by experimental data. However, the model doesnt explain everything, including the force of gravity and why matter has mass. [SEP] all of its predictions have been verified by experimental data .
According to the model, all known matter consists of quarks and leptons that interact by exchanging bosons, which transmit fundamental forces. The standard model is a good theory because all of its predictions have been verified by experimental data. However, the model doesnt explain everything, including the force of gravity and why matter has mass. [SEP] The standard model is a good theory
Alpha and beta decay occur when a nucleus has too many protons or an unstable ratio of protons to neutrons. When the nucleus emits a particle, it gains or loses one or two protons, so the atom becomes a different element. Gamma decay, in contrast, occurs when a nucleus is in an excited state and has too much energy to be stable. [SEP] When the nucleus emits a particle , it gains or loses one or two protons
Alpha and beta decay occur when a nucleus has too many protons or an unstable ratio of protons to neutrons. When the nucleus emits a particle, it gains or loses one or two protons, so the atom becomes a different element. Gamma decay, in contrast, occurs when a nucleus is in an excited state and has too much energy to be stable. [SEP] the atom becomes a different element .
This often happens after alpha or beta decay has occurred. Because only energy is emitted during gamma decay, the number of protons remains the same. Therefore, an atom does not become a different element during this type of decay. [SEP] only energy is emitted during gamma decay
This often happens after alpha or beta decay has occurred. Because only energy is emitted during gamma decay, the number of protons remains the same. Therefore, an atom does not become a different element during this type of decay. [SEP] the number of protons remains the same .
Because only energy is emitted during gamma decay, the number of protons remains the same. Therefore, an atom does not become a different element during this type of decay. Q: [SEP] Because only energy is emitted during gamma decay , the number of protons remains the same
Because only energy is emitted during gamma decay, the number of protons remains the same. Therefore, an atom does not become a different element during this type of decay. Q: [SEP] an atom does not become a different element during this type of decay .
Q: The Figure 1.1 shows how helium-3 (He-3) decays by emitting a gamma particle. How can you tell that the atom is still the same element after gamma decay occurs? [SEP] emitting a gamma particle
Q: The Figure 1.1 shows how helium-3 (He-3) decays by emitting a gamma particle. How can you tell that the atom is still the same element after gamma decay occurs? [SEP] The Figure 1.1 shows how helium-3 -LRB- He-3 -RRB- decays
A: The nucleus of the atom has two protons (red) before the reaction occurs. After the nucleus emits the gamma particle, it still has two protons, so the atom is still the same element.  [SEP] After the nucleus emits the gamma particle , it still has two protons
A: The nucleus of the atom has two protons (red) before the reaction occurs. After the nucleus emits the gamma particle, it still has two protons, so the atom is still the same element.  [SEP] the atom is still the same element .
Q : Predict how gamma rays might affect living things on Earth if they werent absorbed by the atmosphere. A: [SEP] they werent absorbed by the atmosphere .
Q : Predict how gamma rays might affect living things on Earth if they werent absorbed by the atmosphere. A: [SEP] gamma rays might affect living things on Earth
A: Gamma rays would destroy most living things on Earth because they have so much energy.  [SEP] they have so much energy .
A: Gamma rays would destroy most living things on Earth because they have so much energy.  [SEP] Gamma rays would destroy most living things on Earth
Thats 10 quadrillion waves per second! Because of their high frequencies, gamma rays are also the most energetic of all electromagnetic waves.  [SEP] their high frequencies
Thats 10 quadrillion waves per second! Because of their high frequencies, gamma rays are also the most energetic of all electromagnetic waves.  [SEP] gamma rays are also the most energetic of all electromagnetic waves .
The SI unit for weight, like other forces, is the Newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 Newtons because of the pull of Earths gravity. On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. [SEP] On Earth , a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 Newtons
The SI unit for weight, like other forces, is the Newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 Newtons because of the pull of Earths gravity. On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. [SEP] . On the moon , which has less gravity , the same mass would weigh less
Gravity has traditionally been defined as a force of attraction between things that have mass. According to this conception of gravity, anything that has mass, no matter how small, exerts gravity on other matter. Gravity can act between objects that are not even touching. [SEP] this conception of gravity
Gravity has traditionally been defined as a force of attraction between things that have mass. According to this conception of gravity, anything that has mass, no matter how small, exerts gravity on other matter. Gravity can act between objects that are not even touching. [SEP] anything that has mass , no matter how small , exerts gravity on other matter .
It constantly pulls you toward the center of the planet. It prevents you and everything else on Earth from being flung out into space as the planet spins on its axis. It also pulls objects that are above the surfacefrom meteors to skydiversdown to the ground. [SEP] the planet spins on its axis .
It constantly pulls you toward the center of the planet. It prevents you and everything else on Earth from being flung out into space as the planet spins on its axis. It also pulls objects that are above the surfacefrom meteors to skydiversdown to the ground. [SEP] It prevents you and everything else on Earth from being flung out into space
When you drop a paper clip, why doesnt it fall toward you instead of toward Earth? A: Earth is so much more massive than you that its gravitational pull on the paper clip is immensely greater.  [SEP] A : Earth is so much more
When you drop a paper clip, why doesnt it fall toward you instead of toward Earth? A: Earth is so much more massive than you that its gravitational pull on the paper clip is immensely greater.  [SEP] its gravitational pull on the paper clip is immensely greater .
Which group of elements in the periodic table do you think might The most common form of the metalloid arsenic is gray and shiny. Arsenic is extremely toxic, so it is used as rat poison. Surprisingly, we need it (in tiny amounts) for normal growth and a healthy nervous system. [SEP] Arsenic is extremely toxic
Which group of elements in the periodic table do you think might The most common form of the metalloid arsenic is gray and shiny. Arsenic is extremely toxic, so it is used as rat poison. Surprisingly, we need it (in tiny amounts) for normal growth and a healthy nervous system. [SEP] it is used as rat poison .
Group 2 elements, called the alkaline Earth metals, form compounds with elements in the oxygen group. Thats because group 2 elements have two valence electrons that they are eager to give up. An example of a group 2 and group 6 compound is calcium oxide (CaO). [SEP] group 2 elements have two valence electrons that they are eager to give up .
Group 2 elements, called the alkaline Earth metals, form compounds with elements in the oxygen group. Thats because group 2 elements have two valence electrons that they are eager to give up. An example of a group 2 and group 6 compound is calcium oxide (CaO). [SEP] 2 elements , called the alkaline Earth metals , form compounds with elements in the oxygen group . Thats
 Group 14 of the periodic table is headed by the nonmetal carbon (C), so this group is also called the carbon group. Carbon is followed by silicon (Si) and germanium (Ge) (Figure 1.3), which are metalloids, and then by tin (Sn) and lead (Pb), which are metals. [SEP] Group 14 of the periodic table is headed by the nonmetal carbon -LRB- C -RRB-
 Group 14 of the periodic table is headed by the nonmetal carbon (C), so this group is also called the carbon group. Carbon is followed by silicon (Si) and germanium (Ge) (Figure 1.3), which are metalloids, and then by tin (Sn) and lead (Pb), which are metals. [SEP] this group is also called the carbon group .
Carbon is followed by silicon (Si) and germanium (Ge) (Figure 1.3), which are metalloids, and then by tin (Sn) and lead (Pb), which are metals. Group 14 elements group have four valence electrons, so they generally arent very reactive. All of them are solids at room temperature. [SEP] Group 14 elements group have four valence electrons
Carbon is followed by silicon (Si) and germanium (Ge) (Figure 1.3), which are metalloids, and then by tin (Sn) and lead (Pb), which are metals. Group 14 elements group have four valence electrons, so they generally arent very reactive. All of them are solids at room temperature. [SEP] they generally arent very reactive .
 Group 13 of the periodic table is also called the boron group because boron (B) is the first element at the top of the group (see Figure 1.2). Boron is also the only metalloid in this group. [SEP] boron -LRB- B -RRB- is the first element at the top of the group -LRB- see Figure 1.2 -RRB- .
 Group 13 of the periodic table is also called the boron group because boron (B) is the first element at the top of the group (see Figure 1.2). Boron is also the only metalloid in this group. [SEP] Group 13 of the periodic table is also called the boron group
Fluorine and chlorine are gases, bromine is a liquid, and iodine and astatine are solids. Halogens also vary in color, as you can see in the Figure 1.2. Fluorine and chlorine are green, bromine is red, and iodine and astatine are nearly black. [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.2 .
Fluorine and chlorine are gases, bromine is a liquid, and iodine and astatine are solids. Halogens also vary in color, as you can see in the Figure 1.2. Fluorine and chlorine are green, bromine is red, and iodine and astatine are nearly black. [SEP] Halogens also vary in color
The halogens are among the most reactive of all elements, although reactivity declines from the top to the bottom of the halogen group. Because all halogens have seven valence electrons, they are eager to gain one more electron. Doing so gives them a full outer energy level, which is the most stable arrangement of electrons. [SEP] all halogens have seven valence electrons
The halogens are among the most reactive of all elements, although reactivity declines from the top to the bottom of the halogen group. Because all halogens have seven valence electrons, they are eager to gain one more electron. Doing so gives them a full outer energy level, which is the most stable arrangement of electrons. [SEP] they are eager to gain one more electron .
Because all halogens have seven valence electrons, they are eager to gain one more electron. Doing so gives them a full outer energy level, which is the most stable arrangement of electrons. Halogens often combine with alkali metals in group 1 of the periodic table. [SEP] all halogens have seven valence electrons , they are eager to gain one more electron . Doing
Because all halogens have seven valence electrons, they are eager to gain one more electron. Doing so gives them a full outer energy level, which is the most stable arrangement of electrons. Halogens often combine with alkali metals in group 1 of the periodic table. [SEP] gives them a full outer energy level , which is the most stable arrangement of electrons .
Halogens are highly reactive nonmetallic elements in group 17 of the periodic table. As you can see in the periodic table 1.1, the halogens include the elements fluorine (F), chlorine (Cl), bromine (Br), iodine (I), and astatine (At). All of them are relatively common on Earth except for astatine. [SEP] you can see in the periodic table 1.1 , the halogens include the elements fluorine -LRB- F -RRB- , chlorine -LRB- Cl -RRB- , bromine -LRB- Br -RRB- , iodine -LRB- I -RRB- , and astatine -LRB- At -RRB-
Halogens are highly reactive nonmetallic elements in group 17 of the periodic table. As you can see in the periodic table 1.1, the halogens include the elements fluorine (F), chlorine (Cl), bromine (Br), iodine (I), and astatine (At). All of them are relatively common on Earth except for astatine. [SEP] Halogens are highly reactive nonmetallic elements in group 17 of the periodic table .
Astatine is radioactive and rapidly decays to other, more stable elements. As a result, it is one of the least common elements on Earth. Q: [SEP] is radioactive and rapidly decays to other , more stable elements . As
Astatine is radioactive and rapidly decays to other, more stable elements. As a result, it is one of the least common elements on Earth. Q: [SEP] one of the least common elements on Earth
Q: Based on their position in the periodic table from the Figure 1.1, how many valence electrons do you think halogens have? A: [SEP] their position in the periodic table from the Figure 1.1
Q: Based on their position in the periodic table from the Figure 1.1, how many valence electrons do you think halogens have? A: [SEP] how many valence electrons do you think halogens
It then increases by one from left to right across each period (row) of the periodic table for groups 1-2 and 13-18 (numbered 3-0 in the periodic table above.) Therefore, halogens have seven valence electrons.  [SEP] It then increases by one from left to right across each period -LRB- row -RRB- of the periodic table for groups 1-2 and 13-18 -LRB- numbered 3-0 in the periodic table above . -RRB-
It then increases by one from left to right across each period (row) of the periodic table for groups 1-2 and 13-18 (numbered 3-0 in the periodic table above.) Therefore, halogens have seven valence electrons.  [SEP] halogens have seven valence electrons .
The cochlea is a shell-like structure that is full of fluid and lined with nerve cells called hair cells. Each hair cell has many tiny hairs, as you can see in the magnified image 1.2. When the cochlea vibrates, it causes waves in the fluid inside. [SEP] you can see in the magnified image 1.2 .
The cochlea is a shell-like structure that is full of fluid and lined with nerve cells called hair cells. Each hair cell has many tiny hairs, as you can see in the magnified image 1.2. When the cochlea vibrates, it causes waves in the fluid inside. [SEP] Each hair cell has many tiny hairs
The middle ear contains three tiny bones (ossicles) called the hammer, anvil, and stirrup. If you look at these bones in the Figure 1.1, you might notice that they resemble the objects for which they are named. The three bones transmit vibrations from the eardrum to the inner ear. [SEP] you look at these bones in the Figure 1.1
The middle ear contains three tiny bones (ossicles) called the hammer, anvil, and stirrup. If you look at these bones in the Figure 1.1, you might notice that they resemble the objects for which they are named. The three bones transmit vibrations from the eardrum to the inner ear. [SEP] you might notice that they resemble the objects for which they are named .
Wave amplitude is the maximum distance particles of matter move when a wave passes through them. Why would amplifying the sound waves as they pass through the middle ear improve hearing? A: Amplified sound waves have more energy. [SEP] they pass through the middle ear improve hearing ?
Wave amplitude is the maximum distance particles of matter move when a wave passes through them. Why would amplifying the sound waves as they pass through the middle ear improve hearing? A: Amplified sound waves have more energy. [SEP] Wave amplitude is the maximum distance particles of matter move when a wave passes through them . Why would amplifying the sound waves
A: Amplified sound waves have more energy. This increases the intensity and loudness of the sounds, so they are easier to hear.  [SEP] This increases the intensity and loudness of the sounds
A: Amplified sound waves have more energy. This increases the intensity and loudness of the sounds, so they are easier to hear.  [SEP] they are easier to hear .
Hearing loss caused by loud sounds is permanent. However, this type of hearing loss can be prevented by protecting the ears from loud sounds. People who work in jobs that expose them to loud sounds must wear hearing protectors. [SEP] protecting the ears from loud sounds
Hearing loss caused by loud sounds is permanent. However, this type of hearing loss can be prevented by protecting the ears from loud sounds. People who work in jobs that expose them to loud sounds must wear hearing protectors. [SEP] However , this type of hearing loss can be prevented
But anyone exposed to loud sounds for longer than the permissible exposure time should wear hearing protectors. Many home and yard chores and even recreational activities are loud enough to cause hearing loss if people are exposed to them for too much time. You can see examples in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] people are exposed to them for too much time .
But anyone exposed to loud sounds for longer than the permissible exposure time should wear hearing protectors. Many home and yard chores and even recreational activities are loud enough to cause hearing loss if people are exposed to them for too much time. You can see examples in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] Many home and yard chores and even recreational activities are loud enough to cause hearing loss
This changes even the loudest sounds to just a soft hiss. Sounds that people need to hear, such as the voices of co-workers, are not interfered with in this way and may be amplified instead so they can be heard more clearly. This type of hearing protector is recommended for higher noise levels and situations where its important to be able to hear lower-decibel sounds. [SEP] Sounds that people need to hear , such as the voices of co-workers , are not interfered with in this way and may be amplified instead
This changes even the loudest sounds to just a soft hiss. Sounds that people need to hear, such as the voices of co-workers, are not interfered with in this way and may be amplified instead so they can be heard more clearly. This type of hearing protector is recommended for higher noise levels and situations where its important to be able to hear lower-decibel sounds. [SEP] they can be heard more clearly .
 The ear is a complex organ that senses sound energy so we can hear. Hearing is the ability to sense sound energy and perceive sound. [SEP] The ear is a complex organ that senses sound energy
 The ear is a complex organ that senses sound energy so we can hear. Hearing is the ability to sense sound energy and perceive sound. [SEP] we can hear .
Thermal energy is the kinetic energy of moving particles of matter, measured by their temperature. Thermal energy always moves from matter with greater thermal energy to matter with less thermal energy, so it moves from warmer to cooler substances. You can see this in the Figure particles of the cooler substance. [SEP] Thermal energy always moves from matter with greater thermal energy to matter with less thermal energy
Thermal energy is the kinetic energy of moving particles of matter, measured by their temperature. Thermal energy always moves from matter with greater thermal energy to matter with less thermal energy, so it moves from warmer to cooler substances. You can see this in the Figure particles of the cooler substance. [SEP] it moves from warmer to cooler substances .
Thermal energy from the warm cola is transferred to the much colder ice, causing it to melt. The cola loses thermal energy in the process, so its temperature falls.  [SEP] The cola loses thermal energy in the process
Thermal energy from the warm cola is transferred to the much colder ice, causing it to melt. The cola loses thermal energy in the process, so its temperature falls.  [SEP] its temperature falls .
Thermal energy is transferred by conduction from the hot iron to the shirt, from the hot cup to the hand holding it, from the flame of the camp stove to the bottom of the pot as well as from the bottom of the pot to the food inside, and from the feet to the snow. The shirt, hand, pot, food, and snow become warmer because of the transferred energy. Because the feet lose thermal energy, they feel colder. [SEP] The shirt , hand , pot , food , and snow become warmer
Thermal energy is transferred by conduction from the hot iron to the shirt, from the hot cup to the hand holding it, from the flame of the camp stove to the bottom of the pot as well as from the bottom of the pot to the food inside, and from the feet to the snow. The shirt, hand, pot, food, and snow become warmer because of the transferred energy. Because the feet lose thermal energy, they feel colder. [SEP] . Because the feet lose thermal energy , they feel colder
The shirt, hand, pot, food, and snow become warmer because of the transferred energy. Because the feet lose thermal energy, they feel colder.  [SEP] the feet lose thermal energy
The shirt, hand, pot, food, and snow become warmer because of the transferred energy. Because the feet lose thermal energy, they feel colder.  [SEP] they feel colder .
The warm air then circulates throughout the rooms in convection currents. The hot water cools as it flows through the system and transfers its thermal energy. When it finally returns to the boiler, it is heated again and the cycle repeats. [SEP] it flows through the system and transfers its thermal energy .
The warm air then circulates throughout the rooms in convection currents. The hot water cools as it flows through the system and transfers its thermal energy. When it finally returns to the boiler, it is heated again and the cycle repeats. [SEP] The hot water cools
The radiator is a coiled pipe through which hot water flows. What happens to the water as it flows through the radiator? Why is each radiator connected to two pipes? [SEP] it flows through the radiator ?
The radiator is a coiled pipe through which hot water flows. What happens to the water as it flows through the radiator? Why is each radiator connected to two pipes? [SEP] The radiator is a coiled pipe through which hot water flows . What happens to the water
Water passes through such a great length of pipe in the radiator that it transfers a lot of thermal energy to the radiator. As the water transfers thermal energy, it gets cooler. The cool water flows into a return pipe rather than going directly to another radiator because the cool water no longer has enough thermal energy to heat a room. [SEP] the water transfers thermal energy , it gets cooler .
Water passes through such a great length of pipe in the radiator that it transfers a lot of thermal energy to the radiator. As the water transfers thermal energy, it gets cooler. The cool water flows into a return pipe rather than going directly to another radiator because the cool water no longer has enough thermal energy to heat a room. [SEP] Water passes through such a great length of pipe in the radiator that it transfers a lot of thermal energy to the radiator .
As the water transfers thermal energy, it gets cooler. The cool water flows into a return pipe rather than going directly to another radiator because the cool water no longer has enough thermal energy to heat a room.  [SEP] the cool water no longer has enough thermal energy to heat a room .
As the water transfers thermal energy, it gets cooler. The cool water flows into a return pipe rather than going directly to another radiator because the cool water no longer has enough thermal energy to heat a room.  [SEP] The cool water flows into a return pipe rather than going directly to another radiator
The transfer of thermal energy is called heat. Therefore, a heating system is a system for the transfer of thermal energy. Regardless of the type of heating system in a home, the basic function is the same: to produce thermal energy and transfer it to air throughout the house. [SEP] The transfer of thermal energy is called heat
The transfer of thermal energy is called heat. Therefore, a heating system is a system for the transfer of thermal energy. Regardless of the type of heating system in a home, the basic function is the same: to produce thermal energy and transfer it to air throughout the house. [SEP] a heating system is a system for the transfer of thermal energy .
The main source of hydrocarbons is fossil fuelscoal, petroleum, and natural gas. Fossil fuels formed over hundreds of millions of years, as dead organisms were covered with sediments and put under great pressure. Giant ferns in ancient swamps turned into coal deposits. [SEP] dead organisms were covered with sediments and put under great pressure .
The main source of hydrocarbons is fossil fuelscoal, petroleum, and natural gas. Fossil fuels formed over hundreds of millions of years, as dead organisms were covered with sediments and put under great pressure. Giant ferns in ancient swamps turned into coal deposits. [SEP] Fossil fuels formed over hundreds of millions of years
Hydrocarbons are placed in two different classes: saturated hydrocarbons and unsaturated hydrocarbons. This classification is based on the number of bonds between carbon atoms. Saturated hydrocarbons have only single bonds between carbon atoms, so the carbon atoms are bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. [SEP] the number of bonds between carbon atoms
Hydrocarbons are placed in two different classes: saturated hydrocarbons and unsaturated hydrocarbons. This classification is based on the number of bonds between carbon atoms. Saturated hydrocarbons have only single bonds between carbon atoms, so the carbon atoms are bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. [SEP] This classification
This classification is based on the number of bonds between carbon atoms. Saturated hydrocarbons have only single bonds between carbon atoms, so the carbon atoms are bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. In other words, they are saturated with hydrogen atoms. [SEP] Saturated hydrocarbons have only single bonds between carbon atoms
This classification is based on the number of bonds between carbon atoms. Saturated hydrocarbons have only single bonds between carbon atoms, so the carbon atoms are bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. In other words, they are saturated with hydrogen atoms. [SEP] the carbon atoms are bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible .
In other words, they are saturated with hydrogen atoms. Unsaturated hydrocarbons have at least one double or triple bond between carbon atoms, so the carbon atoms are not bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. In other words, they are unsaturated with hydrogen atoms. [SEP] Unsaturated hydrocarbons have at least one double or triple bond between carbon atoms
In other words, they are saturated with hydrogen atoms. Unsaturated hydrocarbons have at least one double or triple bond between carbon atoms, so the carbon atoms are not bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. In other words, they are unsaturated with hydrogen atoms. [SEP] the carbon atoms are not bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible .
The size of hydrocarbon molecules influences their properties, including their melting and boiling points. As a result, some hydrocarbons are gases at room temperature, while others are liquids or solids. Hydrocarbons are generally nonpolar, which means that their molecules do not have oppositely charged sides. [SEP] The size of hydrocarbon molecules influences their properties , including their melting and boiling points
The size of hydrocarbon molecules influences their properties, including their melting and boiling points. As a result, some hydrocarbons are gases at room temperature, while others are liquids or solids. Hydrocarbons are generally nonpolar, which means that their molecules do not have oppositely charged sides. [SEP] some hydrocarbons are gases at room temperature , while others are liquids or solids .
Hydrocarbons are generally nonpolar, which means that their molecules do not have oppositely charged sides. Therefore, they do not dissolve in water, which is a polar compound. In fact, hydrocarbons tend to repel water. [SEP] Hydrocarbons are generally nonpolar , which means that their molecules do not have oppositely charged sides
Hydrocarbons are generally nonpolar, which means that their molecules do not have oppositely charged sides. Therefore, they do not dissolve in water, which is a polar compound. In fact, hydrocarbons tend to repel water. [SEP] they do not dissolve in water , which is a polar compound .
These are the electrons in their outer energy level that can be involved in chemical reactions. Valence electrons determine many of the properties of an element, so elements in the same group have similar properties. All the elements in group 1 have just one valence electron. [SEP] Valence electrons determine many of the properties of an element
These are the electrons in their outer energy level that can be involved in chemical reactions. Valence electrons determine many of the properties of an element, so elements in the same group have similar properties. All the elements in group 1 have just one valence electron. [SEP] elements in the same group have similar properties .
With just one valence electron, group 1 elements are eager to lose that electron. Doing so allows them to achieve a full outer energy level and maximum stability.  [SEP] just one valence electron , group 1 elements are eager to lose that electron . Doing
With just one valence electron, group 1 elements are eager to lose that electron. Doing so allows them to achieve a full outer energy level and maximum stability.  [SEP] allows them to achieve a full outer energy level and maximum stability .
It easily loses its one valence electron to form positive potassium ions (K+ ), which are needed by all living cells. Potassium is so impor- tant for plants that it is found in almost all fertilizers, like the one shown here. Potassium is abundant in Earths crust in minerals such as feldspar. [SEP] Potassium is so impor
It easily loses its one valence electron to form positive potassium ions (K+ ), which are needed by all living cells. Potassium is so impor- tant for plants that it is found in almost all fertilizers, like the one shown here. Potassium is abundant in Earths crust in minerals such as feldspar. [SEP] it is found in almost all fertilizers , like the one shown here .
Francium has one of the largest, heaviest atoms of all elements. Its one valence electron is far removed from the nucleus, as you can see in the atomic model on the right, so it is easily removed from the atom. Francium is radioactive and quickly decays to form other elements such as radium. [SEP] Its one valence electron is far removed from the nucleus , as you can see in the atomic model on the right
Francium has one of the largest, heaviest atoms of all elements. Its one valence electron is far removed from the nucleus, as you can see in the atomic model on the right, so it is easily removed from the atom. Francium is radioactive and quickly decays to form other elements such as radium. [SEP] it is easily removed from the atom .
Francium has one of the largest, heaviest atoms of all elements. Its one valence electron is far removed from the nucleus, as you can see in the atomic model on the right, so it is easily removed from the atom. Francium is radioactive and quickly decays to form other elements such as radium. [SEP] you can see in the atomic model on the right
Francium has one of the largest, heaviest atoms of all elements. Its one valence electron is far removed from the nucleus, as you can see in the atomic model on the right, so it is easily removed from the atom. Francium is radioactive and quickly decays to form other elements such as radium. [SEP] Its one valence electron is far removed from the nucleus
Francium is radioactive and quickly decays to form other elements such as radium. This is why francium is extremely rare in nature. Less than an ounce of francium is present on Earth at any given time. [SEP] Francium is radioactive and quickly decays to form other elements such as radium
Francium is radioactive and quickly decays to form other elements such as radium. This is why francium is extremely rare in nature. Less than an ounce of francium is present on Earth at any given time. [SEP] francium is extremely rare in nature .
Francium decays too quickly to form compounds with other elements. Which elements to you think it would bond with if it could? A: With one valence electron, francium would bond with a halogen element in group 17, which has seven valence electrons and needs one more to fill its outer energy level. [SEP] it could ?
Francium decays too quickly to form compounds with other elements. Which elements to you think it would bond with if it could? A: With one valence electron, francium would bond with a halogen element in group 17, which has seven valence electrons and needs one more to fill its outer energy level. [SEP] elements to you think it would bond with
In fact, they are the most reactive metals and, along with the elements in group 17, are the most reactive of all elements. The reactivity of alkali metals increases from the top to the bottom of the group, so lithium (Li) is the least reactive alkali metal and francium (Fr) is the most reactive. Because alkali metals are so reactive, they are found in nature only in combination with other elements. [SEP] The reactivity of alkali metals increases from the top to the bottom of the group
In fact, they are the most reactive metals and, along with the elements in group 17, are the most reactive of all elements. The reactivity of alkali metals increases from the top to the bottom of the group, so lithium (Li) is the least reactive alkali metal and francium (Fr) is the most reactive. Because alkali metals are so reactive, they are found in nature only in combination with other elements. [SEP] lithium -LRB- Li -RRB- is the least reactive alkali metal and francium -LRB- Fr -RRB- is the most reactive .
The reactivity of alkali metals increases from the top to the bottom of the group, so lithium (Li) is the least reactive alkali metal and francium (Fr) is the most reactive. Because alkali metals are so reactive, they are found in nature only in combination with other elements. They often combine with group 17 elements, which are very eager to gain an electron. [SEP] Because alkali metals are
The reactivity of alkali metals increases from the top to the bottom of the group, so lithium (Li) is the least reactive alkali metal and francium (Fr) is the most reactive. Because alkali metals are so reactive, they are found in nature only in combination with other elements. They often combine with group 17 elements, which are very eager to gain an electron. [SEP] reactive , they are found in nature only in combination with other elements .
It takes more energy to bring about these changes of state for polar molecules. Although hydrogen bonds are weak, they add to the energy needed for molecules to move apart from one another, so it takes higher temperatures for these changes of state to occur in polar compounds. This explains why polar compounds have relatively high melting and boiling points. [SEP] Although hydrogen bonds are weak , they add to the energy needed for molecules to move apart from one another
It takes more energy to bring about these changes of state for polar molecules. Although hydrogen bonds are weak, they add to the energy needed for molecules to move apart from one another, so it takes higher temperatures for these changes of state to occur in polar compounds. This explains why polar compounds have relatively high melting and boiling points. [SEP] it takes higher temperatures for these changes of state to occur in polar compounds .
 Because of waters polarity, individual water molecules are attracted to one another. You can see this in the Figure of a nearby water molecule. [SEP] waters
 Because of waters polarity, individual water molecules are attracted to one another. You can see this in the Figure of a nearby water molecule. [SEP] polarity , individual water molecules are attracted to one another .
They occur not only in water but in other polar molecules in which positive hydrogen atoms are attracted to negative atoms in nearby molecules. Hydrogen bonds are relatively weak as chemical bonds go. For example, they are much weaker than the bonds holding atoms together within molecules of covalent compounds. [SEP] chemical bonds go .
They occur not only in water but in other polar molecules in which positive hydrogen atoms are attracted to negative atoms in nearby molecules. Hydrogen bonds are relatively weak as chemical bonds go. For example, they are much weaker than the bonds holding atoms together within molecules of covalent compounds. [SEP] Hydrogen bonds are relatively weak
In a polar bond, two atoms share electrons unequally. One atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly, so it has a partial negative charge. The other atom attracts the shared electrons less strongly, so it is has a partial positive charge. [SEP] One atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly
In a polar bond, two atoms share electrons unequally. One atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly, so it has a partial negative charge. The other atom attracts the shared electrons less strongly, so it is has a partial positive charge. [SEP] it has a partial negative charge .
One atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly, so it has a partial negative charge. The other atom attracts the shared electrons less strongly, so it is has a partial positive charge. In a water molecule, the oxygen atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly than the hydrogen atoms do. [SEP] The other atom attracts the shared electrons less strongly
One atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly, so it has a partial negative charge. The other atom attracts the shared electrons less strongly, so it is has a partial positive charge. In a water molecule, the oxygen atom attracts the shared electrons more strongly than the hydrogen atoms do. [SEP] it is has a partial positive charge .
It is the ratio of output force (the force put out by the machined) to input force (the force put into the machine). For an inclined plane, less force is put into moving an object up the slope than if the object were lifted straight up, so the mechanical advantage is greater than 1. The more gradual the slope of the inclined plane, the less input force is needed and the greater the mechanical advantage. [SEP] , less force is put into moving an object up the slope than if the object were lifted straight up
It is the ratio of output force (the force put out by the machined) to input force (the force put into the machine). For an inclined plane, less force is put into moving an object up the slope than if the object were lifted straight up, so the mechanical advantage is greater than 1. The more gradual the slope of the inclined plane, the less input force is needed and the greater the mechanical advantage. [SEP] the mechanical advantage is greater than 1 .
It is the ratio of output force (the force put out by the machined) to input force (the force put into the machine). For an inclined plane, less force is put into moving an object up the slope than if the object were lifted straight up, so the mechanical advantage is greater than 1. The more gradual the slope of the inclined plane, the less input force is needed and the greater the mechanical advantage. [SEP] the object were lifted straight up
It is the ratio of output force (the force put out by the machined) to input force (the force put into the machine). For an inclined plane, less force is put into moving an object up the slope than if the object were lifted straight up, so the mechanical advantage is greater than 1. The more gradual the slope of the inclined plane, the less input force is needed and the greater the mechanical advantage. [SEP] less force is put into moving an object up the slope than
A : The inclined plane on the right has a more gradual slope, so it has a greater mechanical advantage. Less force is needed to move objects up the gentler slope, yet the objects attain the same elevation as they would if more force were used to push them up the steeper slope. [SEP] : The inclined plane on the right has a more gradual slope
A : The inclined plane on the right has a more gradual slope, so it has a greater mechanical advantage. Less force is needed to move objects up the gentler slope, yet the objects attain the same elevation as they would if more force were used to push them up the steeper slope. [SEP] it has a greater mechanical advantage .
: The inclined plane on the right has a more gradual slope, so it has a greater mechanical advantage. Less force is needed to move objects up the gentler slope, yet the objects attain the same elevation as they would if more force were used to push them up the steeper slope.  [SEP] they would if more force were used to push them up the steeper slope .
: The inclined plane on the right has a more gradual slope, so it has a greater mechanical advantage. Less force is needed to move objects up the gentler slope, yet the objects attain the same elevation as they would if more force were used to push them up the steeper slope.  [SEP] to move objects up the gentler slope , yet the objects attain the same elevation
Inclined planes make it easier to move objects to a higher elevation. The sloping surface of the inclined plane supports part of the weight of the object as it moves up the slope. As a result, it takes less force to move the object uphill. [SEP] it moves up the slope .
Inclined planes make it easier to move objects to a higher elevation. The sloping surface of the inclined plane supports part of the weight of the object as it moves up the slope. As a result, it takes less force to move the object uphill. [SEP] The sloping surface of the inclined plane supports part of the weight of the object
The sloping surface of the inclined plane supports part of the weight of the object as it moves up the slope. As a result, it takes less force to move the object uphill. The trade-off is that the object must be moved over a greater distance than if it were moved straight up to the higher elevation. [SEP] The sloping surface of the inclined plane supports part of the weight of the object as it moves up the slope
The sloping surface of the inclined plane supports part of the weight of the object as it moves up the slope. As a result, it takes less force to move the object uphill. The trade-off is that the object must be moved over a greater distance than if it were moved straight up to the higher elevation. [SEP] it takes less force to move the object uphill .
As a result, it takes less force to move the object uphill. The trade-off is that the object must be moved over a greater distance than if it were moved straight up to the higher elevation.  [SEP] it were moved straight up to the higher elevation .
As a result, it takes less force to move the object uphill. The trade-off is that the object must be moved over a greater distance than if it were moved straight up to the higher elevation.  [SEP] The trade-off is that the object must be moved over a greater distance than
It would be easier for Lauren to push just one of her cousins on her skateboard than both of them. With just one twin, there would be only about half as much mass on the skateboard, so there would be less inertia to overcome. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] With just one twin , there would be only about half as much mass on the skateboard
It would be easier for Lauren to push just one of her cousins on her skateboard than both of them. With just one twin, there would be only about half as much mass on the skateboard, so there would be less inertia to overcome. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] there would be less inertia to overcome .
The unbalanced force that starts Laurens cousins rolling along on the skateboard is applied by Lauren when she gives it a push. Once an object starts moving, inertia keeps it moving without any additional force being applied. In fact, it wont stop moving unless another unbalanced force opposes its motion. [SEP] an object starts moving
The unbalanced force that starts Laurens cousins rolling along on the skateboard is applied by Lauren when she gives it a push. Once an object starts moving, inertia keeps it moving without any additional force being applied. In fact, it wont stop moving unless another unbalanced force opposes its motion. [SEP] inertia keeps it moving without any additional force being applied .
In fact, it wont stop moving unless another unbalanced force opposes its motion. For example, Lauren can stop the rolling skateboard by moving to the other end and pushing in the opposite direction. Q: [SEP] moving to the other end and pushing in the opposite direction
In fact, it wont stop moving unless another unbalanced force opposes its motion. For example, Lauren can stop the rolling skateboard by moving to the other end and pushing in the opposite direction. Q: [SEP] For example , Lauren can stop the rolling skateboard
What if Lauren didnt stop the skateboard in this way? If it remained on a smooth, flat surface, would it just keep rolling forever? A: The inertia of the moving skateboard would keep it rolling forever if no other unbalanced force opposed its motion. [SEP] it remained on a smooth
What if Lauren didnt stop the skateboard in this way? If it remained on a smooth, flat surface, would it just keep rolling forever? A: The inertia of the moving skateboard would keep it rolling forever if no other unbalanced force opposed its motion. [SEP] flat surface , would it just keep rolling forever ?
If it remained on a smooth, flat surface, would it just keep rolling forever? A: The inertia of the moving skateboard would keep it rolling forever if no other unbalanced force opposed its motion. However, another unbalanced force does act on the skateboard Q: What other force is acting on the skateboard? [SEP] no other unbalanced force opposed its motion .
If it remained on a smooth, flat surface, would it just keep rolling forever? A: The inertia of the moving skateboard would keep it rolling forever if no other unbalanced force opposed its motion. However, another unbalanced force does act on the skateboard Q: What other force is acting on the skateboard? [SEP] The inertia of the moving skateboard would keep it rolling forever
The force of friction opposes the motion of the rolling skateboard and would eventually bring it to a stop without any help from Lauren. Friction opposes the motion of all moving objects, solike the skateboardall moving objects eventually stop moving even if no other forces oppose their motion. Later that day, Jonathan rode his skateboard and did some jumps. [SEP] no other forces oppose their motion .
The force of friction opposes the motion of the rolling skateboard and would eventually bring it to a stop without any help from Lauren. Friction opposes the motion of all moving objects, solike the skateboardall moving objects eventually stop moving even if no other forces oppose their motion. Later that day, Jonathan rode his skateboard and did some jumps. [SEP] Friction opposes the motion of all moving objects , solike the skateboardall moving objects eventually stop moving even
A : The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward because of inertia.  [SEP] : The brakes stop the car but not your body
A : The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward because of inertia.  [SEP] your body keeps moving forward because of inertia .
A : The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward because of inertia.  [SEP] inertia
A : The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward because of inertia.  [SEP] your body keeps moving forward
The Figure 1.1 shows decibel levels of several different sounds. As decibel levels get higher, sound waves have greater intensity and sounds are louder. For every 10-decibel increase in the intensity of sound, loudness is 10 times greater. [SEP] decibel levels get higher , sound waves have greater intensity and sounds
The Figure 1.1 shows decibel levels of several different sounds. As decibel levels get higher, sound waves have greater intensity and sounds are louder. For every 10-decibel increase in the intensity of sound, loudness is 10 times greater. [SEP] The Figure 1.1 shows decibel levels of several different sounds .
For every 10-decibel increase in the intensity of sound, loudness is 10 times greater. Therefore, a 30-decibel quiet room is 10 times louder than a 20-decibel whisper, and a 40-decibel light rainfall is 100 times louder than the whisper. High-decibel sounds are dangerous. [SEP] For every 10-decibel increase in the intensity of sound , loudness is 10 times greater
For every 10-decibel increase in the intensity of sound, loudness is 10 times greater. Therefore, a 30-decibel quiet room is 10 times louder than a 20-decibel whisper, and a 40-decibel light rainfall is 100 times louder than the whisper. High-decibel sounds are dangerous. [SEP] a 30-decibel quiet room is 10 times louder than a 20-decibel whisper , and a 40-decibel light rainfall is 100 times louder than the whisper .
It depends on the amount of energy that started the waves. Greater amplitude waves have more energy and greater intensity, so they sound louder. As sound waves travel farther from their source, the more spread out their energy becomes. [SEP] Greater amplitude waves have more energy and greater intensity
It depends on the amount of energy that started the waves. Greater amplitude waves have more energy and greater intensity, so they sound louder. As sound waves travel farther from their source, the more spread out their energy becomes. [SEP] they sound louder .
Greater amplitude waves have more energy and greater intensity, so they sound louder. As sound waves travel farther from their source, the more spread out their energy becomes. You can see how this works in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] sound waves travel farther from their source , the more spread out their energy becomes .
Greater amplitude waves have more energy and greater intensity, so they sound louder. As sound waves travel farther from their source, the more spread out their energy becomes. You can see how this works in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] Greater amplitude waves have more energy and greater intensity , so they sound louder .
You can see how this works in the Figure 1.2. As distance from the sound source increases, the area covered by the sound waves increases. The same amount of energy is spread over a greater area, so the intensity and loudness of the sound is less. [SEP] distance from the sound source increases , the area covered by the sound waves increases .
You can see how this works in the Figure 1.2. As distance from the sound source increases, the area covered by the sound waves increases. The same amount of energy is spread over a greater area, so the intensity and loudness of the sound is less. [SEP] You can see how this works in the Figure 1.2 .
As distance from the sound source increases, the area covered by the sound waves increases. The same amount of energy is spread over a greater area, so the intensity and loudness of the sound is less. This explains why even loud sounds fade away as you move farther from the source. [SEP] The same amount of energy is spread over a greater area
As distance from the sound source increases, the area covered by the sound waves increases. The same amount of energy is spread over a greater area, so the intensity and loudness of the sound is less. This explains why even loud sounds fade away as you move farther from the source. [SEP] the intensity and loudness of the sound is less .
The same amount of energy is spread over a greater area, so the intensity and loudness of the sound is less. This explains why even loud sounds fade away as you move farther from the source. Q: Why can low-amplitude sounds like whispers be heard only over short distances? [SEP] you move farther from the source .
The same amount of energy is spread over a greater area, so the intensity and loudness of the sound is less. This explains why even loud sounds fade away as you move farther from the source. Q: Why can low-amplitude sounds like whispers be heard only over short distances? [SEP] This explains why even loud sounds fade away
Q: Why can low-amplitude sounds like whispers be heard only over short distances? A: The sound waves already have so little energy that spreading them out over a wider area quickly reduces their intensity below the level of hearing.  [SEP] A : The sound waves already have so little
Q: Why can low-amplitude sounds like whispers be heard only over short distances? A: The sound waves already have so little energy that spreading them out over a wider area quickly reduces their intensity below the level of hearing.  [SEP] spreading them out over a wider area quickly reduces their intensity below the level of hearing .
The crankshaft, in turn, is connected to the driveshaft. When the crankshaft rotates, so does the driveshaft. The rotating driveshaft turns the wheels of the car. [SEP] When the crankshaft rotates
The crankshaft, in turn, is connected to the driveshaft. When the crankshaft rotates, so does the driveshaft. The rotating driveshaft turns the wheels of the car. [SEP] does the driveshaft .
2.20 lb Q: Rod needs to buy a meter of wire for a science experiment, but the wire is sold only by the yard. If he buys a yard of wire, will he have enough? (Hint: There are 36 inches in a yard.) [SEP] he buys a yard of wire
2.20 lb Q: Rod needs to buy a meter of wire for a science experiment, but the wire is sold only by the yard. If he buys a yard of wire, will he have enough? (Hint: There are 36 inches in a yard.) [SEP] will he have enough ?
(Hint: There are 36 inches in a yard.) A: Rod needs 39.37 inches (a meter) of wire, but a yard is only 36 inches, so if he buys a yard of wire he wont have enough.  [SEP] : Rod needs 39.37 inches -LRB- a meter -RRB- of wire , but a yard is only 36 inches
(Hint: There are 36 inches in a yard.) A: Rod needs 39.37 inches (a meter) of wire, but a yard is only 36 inches, so if he buys a yard of wire he wont have enough.  [SEP] if he buys a yard of wire he wont have enough .
There are a total of seven basic SI units, including units for length (meter) and mass (kilogram). SI units are easy to use because they are based on the number 10. Basic units are multiplied or divided by powers of ten to arrive at bigger or smaller units. [SEP] they are based on the number 10 .
There are a total of seven basic SI units, including units for length (meter) and mass (kilogram). SI units are easy to use because they are based on the number 10. Basic units are multiplied or divided by powers of ten to arrive at bigger or smaller units. [SEP] SI units are easy to use
There are a total of seven basic SI units, including units for length (meter) and mass (kilogram). SI units are easy to use because they are based on the number 10. Basic units are multiplied or divided by powers of ten to arrive at bigger or smaller units. [SEP] the number 10
There are a total of seven basic SI units, including units for length (meter) and mass (kilogram). SI units are easy to use because they are based on the number 10. Basic units are multiplied or divided by powers of ten to arrive at bigger or smaller units. [SEP] they
In row 1 of the Figure 1.1, an atom of sodium (Na) donates an electron to an atom of chlorine (Cl). By losing an electron, the sodium atom becomes a sodium ion. It now has more protons than electrons and a charge of +1. [SEP] losing an electron
In row 1 of the Figure 1.1, an atom of sodium (Na) donates an electron to an atom of chlorine (Cl). By losing an electron, the sodium atom becomes a sodium ion. It now has more protons than electrons and a charge of +1. [SEP] , the sodium atom becomes a sodium ion .
The symbol for a sodium ion is Na+ . By gaining an electron, the chlorine atom becomes a chloride ion. It now has more electrons than protons and a charge of -1. [SEP] gaining an electron
The symbol for a sodium ion is Na+ . By gaining an electron, the chlorine atom becomes a chloride ion. It now has more electrons than protons and a charge of -1. [SEP] , the chlorine atom becomes a chloride ion .
It now has more electrons than protons and a charge of -1. Negative ions are named by adding the suffix -ide to the first part of the element name. The symbol for chloride is Cl . [SEP] adding the suffix - ide to the first part of the element name
It now has more electrons than protons and a charge of -1. Negative ions are named by adding the suffix -ide to the first part of the element name. The symbol for chloride is Cl . [SEP] Negative ions are named
Sodium and chloride ions have equal but opposite charges. Opposite electric charges attract each other, so sodium and chloride ions cling together in a strong ionic bond. You can see this in row 2 of the Figure 1.1. [SEP] Opposite electric charges attract each other
Sodium and chloride ions have equal but opposite charges. Opposite electric charges attract each other, so sodium and chloride ions cling together in a strong ionic bond. You can see this in row 2 of the Figure 1.1. [SEP] sodium and chloride ions cling together in a strong ionic bond .
Ionic bonds form only between metals and nonmetals. Thats because metals want to give up electrons, and nonmetals want to gain electrons. Find sodium (Na) in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] metals want to give up electrons
Ionic bonds form only between metals and nonmetals. Thats because metals want to give up electrons, and nonmetals want to gain electrons. Find sodium (Na) in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] and nonmetals want to gain electrons .
Like all group 1 elements, it has just one valence electron. If sodium loses that one electron, it will have a full outer energy level, which is the most stable arrangement of electrons. Now find fluorine (F) in the periodic table Figure gains one electron, it will also have a full outer energy level and the most stable arrangement of electrons. [SEP] sodium loses that one electron
Like all group 1 elements, it has just one valence electron. If sodium loses that one electron, it will have a full outer energy level, which is the most stable arrangement of electrons. Now find fluorine (F) in the periodic table Figure gains one electron, it will also have a full outer energy level and the most stable arrangement of electrons. [SEP] it will have a full outer energy level , which is the most stable arrangement of electrons .
 It takes energy to remove valence electrons from an atom because the force of attraction between the negative electrons and the positive nucleus must be overcome. The amount of energy needed depends on the element. [SEP] the force of attraction between the negative electrons and the positive nucleus must be overcome .
 It takes energy to remove valence electrons from an atom because the force of attraction between the negative electrons and the positive nucleus must be overcome. The amount of energy needed depends on the element. [SEP] It takes energy to remove valence electrons from an atom
Less energy is needed to remove just one or a few valence electrons than many. This explains why sodium and other alkali metals form positive ions so easily. Less energy is also needed to remove electrons from larger atoms in the same group. [SEP] This explains why sodium and other alkali metals form positive ions
Less energy is needed to remove just one or a few valence electrons than many. This explains why sodium and other alkali metals form positive ions so easily. Less energy is also needed to remove electrons from larger atoms in the same group. [SEP] easily . Less energy is also needed to remove electrons from larger atoms in the same group
In bigger atoms, valence electrons are farther from the nucleus. As a result, the force of attraction between the valence electrons and the nucleus is weaker. Q: What do you think happens when an atom gains an electron and becomes a negative ion? [SEP] In bigger atoms , valence electrons are farther from the nucleus
In bigger atoms, valence electrons are farther from the nucleus. As a result, the force of attraction between the valence electrons and the nucleus is weaker. Q: What do you think happens when an atom gains an electron and becomes a negative ion? [SEP] the force of attraction between the valence electrons and the nucleus is weaker .
Halogens release the most energy when they form ions. As a result, they are very reactive elements.  [SEP] Halogens release the most energy when they form ions
Halogens release the most energy when they form ions. As a result, they are very reactive elements.  [SEP] they are very reactive elements .
In this compound, there are two negative chloride ions for each positive calcium ion. Because the positive and negative charges cancel out, an ionic compound is neutral in charge. Q: Now can you explain why calcium chloride prevents ice from forming on a snowy road? [SEP] the positive and negative charges cancel out
In this compound, there are two negative chloride ions for each positive calcium ion. Because the positive and negative charges cancel out, an ionic compound is neutral in charge. Q: Now can you explain why calcium chloride prevents ice from forming on a snowy road? [SEP] an ionic compound is neutral in charge .
Q: Now can you explain why calcium chloride prevents ice from forming on a snowy road? A: If calcium chloride dissolves in water, it breaks down into its ions (Ca2+ and Cl ). When water has ions dissolved in it, it has a lower freezing point. [SEP] calcium chloride dissolves in
Q: Now can you explain why calcium chloride prevents ice from forming on a snowy road? A: If calcium chloride dissolves in water, it breaks down into its ions (Ca2+ and Cl ). When water has ions dissolved in it, it has a lower freezing point. [SEP] it breaks down into its ions -LRB- Ca2 + and Cl -RRB- .
It takes a lot of energy to break all those ionic bonds. As a result, ionic compounds are solids with high melting and boiling points. You can see the melting and boiling points of several different ionic compounds in the Table 1.1. [SEP] It takes a lot of energy to break all those ionic bonds
It takes a lot of energy to break all those ionic bonds. As a result, ionic compounds are solids with high melting and boiling points. You can see the melting and boiling points of several different ionic compounds in the Table 1.1. [SEP] ionic compounds are solids with high melting and boiling points .
The strong bonds between their oppositely charged ions lock them into place in the crystal. Therefore, the charged particles cannot move freely and carry electric current, which is a flow of charge. But all that changes when ionic compounds dissolve in water. [SEP] The strong bonds between their oppositely charged ions lock them into place in the crystal
The strong bonds between their oppositely charged ions lock them into place in the crystal. Therefore, the charged particles cannot move freely and carry electric current, which is a flow of charge. But all that changes when ionic compounds dissolve in water. [SEP] the charged particles can not move freely and carry electric current , which is a flow of charge .
When they dissolve, they separate into individual ions. The ions can move freely, so they can carry current. Dissolved ionic compounds are called electrolytes. [SEP] The ions can move freely
When they dissolve, they separate into individual ions. The ions can move freely, so they can carry current. Dissolved ionic compounds are called electrolytes. [SEP] they can carry current .
They are more likely to break than bend when struck. As a result, ionic crystals tend to shatter easily. Try striking salt crystals with a hammer and youll find that they readily break into smaller pieces. [SEP] They are more likely to break than bend when struck
They are more likely to break than bend when struck. As a result, ionic crystals tend to shatter easily. Try striking salt crystals with a hammer and youll find that they readily break into smaller pieces. [SEP] ionic crystals tend to shatter easily .
In either case, they become ions. Ions are atoms that have a positive or negative charge because they have unequal numbers of protons and electrons. If atoms lose electrons, they become positive ions, or cations. [SEP] they have unequal numbers of protons and electrons .
In either case, they become ions. Ions are atoms that have a positive or negative charge because they have unequal numbers of protons and electrons. If atoms lose electrons, they become positive ions, or cations. [SEP] Ions are atoms that have a positive or negative charge
Ions are atoms that have a positive or negative charge because they have unequal numbers of protons and electrons. If atoms lose electrons, they become positive ions, or cations. If atoms gain electrons, they become negative ions, or anions. [SEP] atoms lose electrons
Ions are atoms that have a positive or negative charge because they have unequal numbers of protons and electrons. If atoms lose electrons, they become positive ions, or cations. If atoms gain electrons, they become negative ions, or anions. [SEP] they become positive ions , or cations .
Consider the example of fluorine (see Figure 1.1). A fluorine atom has nine protons and nine electrons, so it is electrically neutral. If a fluorine atom gains an electron, it becomes a fluoride ion with an electric charge of -1. [SEP] A fluorine atom has nine protons and nine electrons
Consider the example of fluorine (see Figure 1.1). A fluorine atom has nine protons and nine electrons, so it is electrically neutral. If a fluorine atom gains an electron, it becomes a fluoride ion with an electric charge of -1. [SEP] it is electrically neutral .
For example, the fluoride ion is represented by the symbol F , and the sodium ion is represented by the symbol Na+ . If the charge is greater than one, a number is used to indicate it. For example, iron (Fe) may lose two electrons to form an ion with a charge of plus two. [SEP] the charge is greater than one
For example, the fluoride ion is represented by the symbol F , and the sodium ion is represented by the symbol Na+ . If the charge is greater than one, a number is used to indicate it. For example, iron (Fe) may lose two electrons to form an ion with a charge of plus two. [SEP] a number is used to indicate it .
A: The iron(III) ion has a charge of +3, so it has one less electron than the iron(II) ion, which has a charge of +2. Q: What is the charge of an oxide ion? [SEP] The iron -LRB- III -RRB- ion has a charge of +3
A: The iron(III) ion has a charge of +3, so it has one less electron than the iron(II) ion, which has a charge of +2. Q: What is the charge of an oxide ion? [SEP] it has one less electron than the iron -LRB- II -RRB- ion , which has a charge of +2 .
For example, positive sodium ions and negative chloride ions react to form the neutral compound sodium chloride, commonly known as table salt. This occurs because oppositely charged ions attract each other. Ions with the same charge, on the other hand, repel each other. [SEP] oppositely charged ions attract each other .
For example, positive sodium ions and negative chloride ions react to form the neutral compound sodium chloride, commonly known as table salt. This occurs because oppositely charged ions attract each other. Ions with the same charge, on the other hand, repel each other. [SEP] This occurs
Ions with the same charge, on the other hand, repel each other. Ions are also deflected by a magnetic field, as you saw in the opening image of the northern lights.  [SEP] you saw in the opening image of the northern lights .
Ions with the same charge, on the other hand, repel each other. Ions are also deflected by a magnetic field, as you saw in the opening image of the northern lights.  [SEP] Ions are also deflected by a magnetic field
 The northern lights arent caused by atoms, because atoms are not charged particles. An atom always has the same number of electrons as protons. [SEP] atoms are not charged particles .
 The northern lights arent caused by atoms, because atoms are not charged particles. An atom always has the same number of electrons as protons. [SEP] The northern lights arent caused by atoms
Electrons have an electric charge of -1 and protons have an electric charge of +1. Therefore, the charges of an atoms electrons and protons cancel out. This explains why atoms are neutral in electric charge. [SEP] Electrons have an electric charge of -1 and protons have an electric charge of +1
Electrons have an electric charge of -1 and protons have an electric charge of +1. Therefore, the charges of an atoms electrons and protons cancel out. This explains why atoms are neutral in electric charge. [SEP] the charges of an atoms electrons and protons cancel out .
What would happen to an atoms charge if it were to gain extra electrons? A: If an atom were to gain extra electrons, it would have more electrons than protons. This would give it a negative charge, so it would no longer be neutral. [SEP] an atom were to gain extra electrons
What would happen to an atoms charge if it were to gain extra electrons? A: If an atom were to gain extra electrons, it would have more electrons than protons. This would give it a negative charge, so it would no longer be neutral. [SEP] it would have more electrons than protons .
A: If an atom were to gain extra electrons, it would have more electrons than protons. This would give it a negative charge, so it would no longer be neutral.  [SEP] This would give it a negative charge
A: If an atom were to gain extra electrons, it would have more electrons than protons. This would give it a negative charge, so it would no longer be neutral.  [SEP] it would no longer be neutral .
 Because isomers are different compounds, they have different properties. Generally, branched-chain isomers have lower boiling and melting points than straight-chain isomers. [SEP] isomers are different compounds
 Because isomers are different compounds, they have different properties. Generally, branched-chain isomers have lower boiling and melting points than straight-chain isomers. [SEP] they have different properties .
Butane has only two isomers and pentane has just three, but some hydrocarbons have many more isomers than these. As you increase the number of carbon atoms in a hydrocarbon, the number of isomers quickly increases. For example, heptane, with seven carbon atoms, has nine isomers; and dodecane, with twelve carbon atoms, has 355 isomers. [SEP] you increase the number of carbon atoms in a hydrocarbon , the number of isomers quickly increases .
Butane has only two isomers and pentane has just three, but some hydrocarbons have many more isomers than these. As you increase the number of carbon atoms in a hydrocarbon, the number of isomers quickly increases. For example, heptane, with seven carbon atoms, has nine isomers; and dodecane, with twelve carbon atoms, has 355 isomers. [SEP] , but some hydrocarbons have many more isomers than these .
Although they have the same chemical formula, with the same numbers of carbon and hydrogen atoms, they form different compounds, called isomers. Isomers are compounds whose properties are different because their atoms are bonded together in different arrangements.  [SEP] their atoms are bonded together in different arrangements .
Although they have the same chemical formula, with the same numbers of carbon and hydrogen atoms, they form different compounds, called isomers. Isomers are compounds whose properties are different because their atoms are bonded together in different arrangements.  [SEP] Isomers are compounds whose properties are different
Different isotopes of an element generally have the same physical and chemical properties. Thats because they have the same numbers of protons and electrons. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] they have the same numbers of protons and electrons .
Different isotopes of an element generally have the same physical and chemical properties. Thats because they have the same numbers of protons and electrons. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] Different isotopes of an element generally have the same physical and chemical properties . Thats
When they decay, they release particles that may be harmful. This is why radioactive isotopes are dangerous and why working with them requires special suits for protection. The isotope of carbon known as carbon-14 is an example of a radioisotope. [SEP] When they decay , they release particles that may be harmful
When they decay, they release particles that may be harmful. This is why radioactive isotopes are dangerous and why working with them requires special suits for protection. The isotope of carbon known as carbon-14 is an example of a radioisotope. [SEP] radioactive isotopes are dangerous and why working with them requires special suits for protection .
For most elements other than hydrogen, isotopes are named for their mass number. For example, carbon atoms with the usual 6 neutrons have a mass number of 12 (6 protons + 6 neutrons = 12), so they are called carbon-12. Carbon atoms with 7 neutrons have an atomic mass of 13 (6 protons + 7 neutrons = 13). [SEP] , carbon atoms with the usual 6 neutrons have a mass number of 12 -LRB- 6 protons + 6 neutrons = 12 -RRB-
For most elements other than hydrogen, isotopes are named for their mass number. For example, carbon atoms with the usual 6 neutrons have a mass number of 12 (6 protons + 6 neutrons = 12), so they are called carbon-12. Carbon atoms with 7 neutrons have an atomic mass of 13 (6 protons + 7 neutrons = 13). [SEP] they are called carbon-12 .
A: Carbon atoms with 8 neutrons have an atomic mass of 14 (6 protons + 8 neutrons = 14), so this isotope of carbon is named carbon-14.  [SEP] Carbon atoms with 8 neutrons have an atomic mass of 14 -LRB- 6 protons + 8 neutrons = 14 -RRB-
A: Carbon atoms with 8 neutrons have an atomic mass of 14 (6 protons + 8 neutrons = 14), so this isotope of carbon is named carbon-14.  [SEP] this isotope of carbon is named carbon-14 .
This equation shows that an increase in velocity increases kinetic energy more than an increase in mass. If mass doubles, kinetic energy doubles as well, but if velocity doubles, kinetic energy increases by a factor of four. Thats because velocity is squared in the equation. [SEP] velocity doubles
This equation shows that an increase in velocity increases kinetic energy more than an increase in mass. If mass doubles, kinetic energy doubles as well, but if velocity doubles, kinetic energy increases by a factor of four. Thats because velocity is squared in the equation. [SEP] kinetic energy increases by a factor of four .
If mass doubles, kinetic energy doubles as well, but if velocity doubles, kinetic energy increases by a factor of four. Thats because velocity is squared in the equation. Lets consider an example. [SEP] velocity is squared in the equation .
If mass doubles, kinetic energy doubles as well, but if velocity doubles, kinetic energy increases by a factor of four. Thats because velocity is squared in the equation. Lets consider an example. [SEP] mass doubles , kinetic energy doubles as well , but if velocity doubles , kinetic energy increases by a factor of four . Thats
His mass is 80 kg, and hes running at the same velocity as Juan (1 m/s). Because his mass is twice as great as Juans, his kinetic energy is twice as great: m2 2 KE = 12  80 kg  (1 m s ) = 40 kg  s2 = [SEP] his mass is twice as great as Juans
His mass is 80 kg, and hes running at the same velocity as Juan (1 m/s). Because his mass is twice as great as Juans, his kinetic energy is twice as great: m2 2 KE = 12  80 kg  (1 m s ) = 40 kg  s2 = [SEP] his kinetic energy is twice as great : m2 2 KE = 12 80 kg -LRB- 1 m s -RRB- =
N  m, or 40 J Q: What is Juans kinetic energy if he speeds up to 2 m/s from 1 m/s? A: By doubling his velocity, Juan increases his kinetic energy by a factor of four: m2 2 KE = 12   40 kg  (2 m s ) [SEP] doubling his velocity
N  m, or 40 J Q: What is Juans kinetic energy if he speeds up to 2 m/s from 1 m/s? A: By doubling his velocity, Juan increases his kinetic energy by a factor of four: m2 2 KE = 12   40 kg  (2 m s ) [SEP] , Juan increases his kinetic energy by a factor of four : m2 2 KE = 12
In both cases, energy is used to move matteryou. Any matter that is moving has energy just because its moving. The energy of moving matter is called kinetic energy. [SEP] its moving . The energy of moving matter is called kinetic energy
In both cases, energy is used to move matteryou. Any matter that is moving has energy just because its moving. The energy of moving matter is called kinetic energy. [SEP] Any matter that is moving has energy
Differences in kinetic energy explain why matter exists in different states. Particles of matter are attracted to each other, so they tend to pull together. The particles can move apart only if they have enough kinetic energy to overcome this force of attraction. [SEP] Particles of matter are attracted to each other
Differences in kinetic energy explain why matter exists in different states. Particles of matter are attracted to each other, so they tend to pull together. The particles can move apart only if they have enough kinetic energy to overcome this force of attraction. [SEP] they tend to pull together .
Particles of matter are attracted to each other, so they tend to pull together. The particles can move apart only if they have enough kinetic energy to overcome this force of attraction. Its like a tug of war between opposing sides, with the force of attraction between particles on one side and the kinetic energy of individual particles on the other side. [SEP] they have enough kinetic energy to overcome this force of attraction .
Particles of matter are attracted to each other, so they tend to pull together. The particles can move apart only if they have enough kinetic energy to overcome this force of attraction. Its like a tug of war between opposing sides, with the force of attraction between particles on one side and the kinetic energy of individual particles on the other side. [SEP] The particles can move apart only
The outcome of the war determines the state of matter. If particles do not have enough kinetic energy to overcome the force of attraction between them, matter exists as a solid. The particles are packed closely together and held rigidly in place. [SEP] particles do not have enough kinetic energy to overcome the force of attraction between them
The outcome of the war determines the state of matter. If particles do not have enough kinetic energy to overcome the force of attraction between them, matter exists as a solid. The particles are packed closely together and held rigidly in place. [SEP] matter exists as a solid .
This explains why solids have a fixed volume and a fixed shape. If particles have enough kinetic energy to partly overcome the force of attraction between them, matter exists as a liquid. The particles can slide past one another but not pull apart completely. [SEP] particles have enough kinetic energy to partly overcome the force of attraction between them
This explains why solids have a fixed volume and a fixed shape. If particles have enough kinetic energy to partly overcome the force of attraction between them, matter exists as a liquid. The particles can slide past one another but not pull apart completely. [SEP] matter exists as a liquid .
This explains why liquids can change shape but have a fixed volume. If particles have enough kinetic energy to completely overcome the force of attraction between them, matter exists as a gas. The particles can pull apart and spread out. [SEP] particles have enough kinetic energy to completely overcome the force of attraction between them
This explains why liquids can change shape but have a fixed volume. If particles have enough kinetic energy to completely overcome the force of attraction between them, matter exists as a gas. The particles can pull apart and spread out. [SEP] matter exists as a gas .
This shows that particles of the liquid have enough kinetic energy to slide over each other but not enough to pull apart completely. If you do nothing to the solid glass of the cola bottle, it will remain the same size and shape. Its particles do not have enough energy to move apart or even to slide over each other. [SEP] you do nothing to the solid glass of the cola bottle
This shows that particles of the liquid have enough kinetic energy to slide over each other but not enough to pull apart completely. If you do nothing to the solid glass of the cola bottle, it will remain the same size and shape. Its particles do not have enough energy to move apart or even to slide over each other. [SEP] it will remain the same size and shape .
When skater 2 runs into skater 1, hes going faster than skater 1 so he has more momentum. Momentum is a property of a moving object that makes it hard to stop. [SEP] When skater 2 runs into skater 1 , hes going faster than skater 1
When skater 2 runs into skater 1, hes going faster than skater 1 so he has more momentum. Momentum is a property of a moving object that makes it hard to stop. [SEP] he has more momentum .
The Figure 1.1 shows how momentum is conserved in the two colliding skaters. The total momentum is the same after the collision as it was before. However, after the collision, skater 1 has more momentum and skater 2 has less momentum than before. [SEP] it was before .
The Figure 1.1 shows how momentum is conserved in the two colliding skaters. The total momentum is the same after the collision as it was before. However, after the collision, skater 1 has more momentum and skater 2 has less momentum than before. [SEP] The total momentum is the same after the collision
 If a surface is extremely smooth, as it is in a mirror, then the image formed by reflection is sharp and clear. This is called regular reflection (also called specular reflection). [SEP] it is in a mirror , then the image formed by reflection is sharp and clear
 If a surface is extremely smooth, as it is in a mirror, then the image formed by reflection is sharp and clear. This is called regular reflection (also called specular reflection). [SEP] a surface is extremely smooth
This is called regular reflection (also called specular reflection). However, if the surface is even slightly rough or bumpy, an image may not form, or if there is an image, it is blurry or fuzzy. This is called diffuse reflection. [SEP] there is an image
This is called regular reflection (also called specular reflection). However, if the surface is even slightly rough or bumpy, an image may not form, or if there is an image, it is blurry or fuzzy. This is called diffuse reflection. [SEP] it is blurry or fuzzy .
Waves of light are represented by arrows called rays. Rays that strike the surface are referred to as incident rays, and rays that reflect off the surface are known as reflected rays. In regular reflection, all the rays are reflected in the same direction. [SEP] incident rays , and rays that reflect off the surface are known as reflected
Waves of light are represented by arrows called rays. Rays that strike the surface are referred to as incident rays, and rays that reflect off the surface are known as reflected rays. In regular reflection, all the rays are reflected in the same direction. [SEP] Rays that strike the surface are referred to
In diffuse reflection, the rays are reflected in many different directions. This is why diffuse reflection forms, at best, a blurry image.  [SEP] In diffuse reflection , the rays are reflected in many different directions
In diffuse reflection, the rays are reflected in many different directions. This is why diffuse reflection forms, at best, a blurry image.  [SEP] diffuse reflection forms , at best , a blurry image .
A: Youve probably looked through a hand lens before. If you have, then you know that the image it produces is right-side up. Therefore, the first diagram must show how a hand lens makes an image. [SEP] you have
A: Youve probably looked through a hand lens before. If you have, then you know that the image it produces is right-side up. Therefore, the first diagram must show how a hand lens makes an image. [SEP] then you know that the image it produces is right-side up .
If you have, then you know that the image it produces is right-side up. Therefore, the first diagram must show how a hand lens makes an image. Its the only one that produces a right-side up image. [SEP] If you have , then you know that the image it produces is right-side up
If you have, then you know that the image it produces is right-side up. Therefore, the first diagram must show how a hand lens makes an image. Its the only one that produces a right-side up image. [SEP] the first diagram must show how a hand lens makes an image .
There are two basic types of lenses: concave and convex. The two types of lenses have different shapes, so they bend light and form images in different ways.  [SEP] The two types of lenses have different shapes
There are two basic types of lenses: concave and convex. The two types of lenses have different shapes, so they bend light and form images in different ways.  [SEP] they bend light and form images in different ways .
Q: A broom is a third-class lever when it is used to sweep a floor (see the Figure 1.1), so the output end of the lever moves faster than the input end. Why is this useful? [SEP] A broom is a third-class lever when it is used to sweep a floor -LRB- see the Figure 1.1 -RRB-
Q: A broom is a third-class lever when it is used to sweep a floor (see the Figure 1.1), so the output end of the lever moves faster than the input end. Why is this useful? [SEP] the output end of the lever moves faster than the input end .
Why is this useful? A: By moving more quickly over the floor, the broom does the work faster.  [SEP] moving more quickly over the floor
Why is this useful? A: By moving more quickly over the floor, the broom does the work faster.  [SEP] , the broom does the work faster .
 All three classes of levers make work easier, but they do so in different ways. When the input and output forces are on opposite sides of the fulcrum, the lever changes the direction of the applied force. [SEP] All three classes of levers make work easier , but they do
 All three classes of levers make work easier, but they do so in different ways. When the input and output forces are on opposite sides of the fulcrum, the lever changes the direction of the applied force. [SEP] in different ways . When the input and output forces are on opposite sides of the fulcrum , the lever changes the direction of the applied force
The output force is the force applied by the lever to the object. Based on the location of input and output forces, there are three basic types of levers, called first-class, second-class, and third-class levers. The Table 1.1 describes the three classes. [SEP] the location of input and output forces
The output force is the force applied by the lever to the object. Based on the location of input and output forces, there are three basic types of levers, called first-class, second-class, and third-class levers. The Table 1.1 describes the three classes. [SEP] there are three basic types of levers , called first-class , second-class , and third-class levers .
The mechanical advantage is the factor by which a machine changes the input force. The ideal mechanical advantage is the increase or decrease in force that would occur if there were no friction to overcome in the use of the machine. Because all machines must overcome some friction, the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine as it is used in the real world. [SEP] there were no friction to overcome in the use of the machine .
The mechanical advantage is the factor by which a machine changes the input force. The ideal mechanical advantage is the increase or decrease in force that would occur if there were no friction to overcome in the use of the machine. Because all machines must overcome some friction, the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine as it is used in the real world. [SEP] The ideal mechanical advantage is the increase or decrease in force that would occur
The ideal mechanical advantage is the increase or decrease in force that would occur if there were no friction to overcome in the use of the machine. Because all machines must overcome some friction, the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine as it is used in the real world. Q: [SEP] all machines must overcome some friction
The ideal mechanical advantage is the increase or decrease in force that would occur if there were no friction to overcome in the use of the machine. Because all machines must overcome some friction, the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine as it is used in the real world. Q: [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine as it is used in the real world .
The ideal mechanical advantage is the increase or decrease in force that would occur if there were no friction to overcome in the use of the machine. Because all machines must overcome some friction, the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine as it is used in the real world. Q: [SEP] it is used in the real world .
The ideal mechanical advantage is the increase or decrease in force that would occur if there were no friction to overcome in the use of the machine. Because all machines must overcome some friction, the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine as it is used in the real world. Q: [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine
To pry a nail out of a board, the fulcrum is located between the input and output forces. Therefore, when a hammer is used in this way it is a first class lever. The fulcrum is closer to the output force than the input force, so the mechanical advantage is >1. [SEP] To pry a nail out of a board , the fulcrum is located between the input and output forces
To pry a nail out of a board, the fulcrum is located between the input and output forces. Therefore, when a hammer is used in this way it is a first class lever. The fulcrum is closer to the output force than the input force, so the mechanical advantage is >1. [SEP] when a hammer is used in this way it is a first class lever .
Therefore, when a hammer is used in this way it is a first class lever. The fulcrum is closer to the output force than the input force, so the mechanical advantage is >1. In other words, the hammer increases the force applied to it, making it easier to pry the nail out of the board. [SEP] The fulcrum is closer to the output force than the input force
Therefore, when a hammer is used in this way it is a first class lever. The fulcrum is closer to the output force than the input force, so the mechanical advantage is >1. In other words, the hammer increases the force applied to it, making it easier to pry the nail out of the board. [SEP] the mechanical advantage is > 1 .
The fixed point of a lever is called the fulcrum. Like other machines, a lever makes work easier by changing the force applied to the machine or the distance over which the force is applied. How does a hammer make it easier to pull a nail out of a board? [SEP] changing the force applied to the machine or the distance over which the force is applied
The fixed point of a lever is called the fulcrum. Like other machines, a lever makes work easier by changing the force applied to the machine or the distance over which the force is applied. How does a hammer make it easier to pull a nail out of a board? [SEP] Like other machines , a lever makes work easier
First, it changes the direction of the force applied to the hammerthe hand pushes down on the handle while the claw end of the hammer head pulls up. Often, you can push down with more force than you can push up because you can put your own weight behind it. The hammer also increases the strength of the force that is applied to it. [SEP] you can put your own weight behind it .
First, it changes the direction of the force applied to the hammerthe hand pushes down on the handle while the claw end of the hammer head pulls up. Often, you can push down with more force than you can push up because you can put your own weight behind it. The hammer also increases the strength of the force that is applied to it. [SEP] Often , you can push down with more force than you can push up
Too much exposure to ultraviolet light can cause sunburn and skin cancer. As the slip, slop, slap slogan suggests, you can protect your skin from ultraviolet light by wearing clothing that covers your skin, applying sunscreen to any exposed areas, and wearing a hat to protect your head from exposure. The SPF, or sun-protection factor, of sunscreen gives a rough idea of how long it protects the skin from sunburn (see Figure 1.3). [SEP] the slip , slop , slap slogan suggests , you can protect your skin from ultraviolet light by wearing clothing that covers your skin , applying sunscreen to any exposed areas , and wearing a hat to protect your head from exposure .
Too much exposure to ultraviolet light can cause sunburn and skin cancer. As the slip, slop, slap slogan suggests, you can protect your skin from ultraviolet light by wearing clothing that covers your skin, applying sunscreen to any exposed areas, and wearing a hat to protect your head from exposure. The SPF, or sun-protection factor, of sunscreen gives a rough idea of how long it protects the skin from sunburn (see Figure 1.3). [SEP] Too much exposure to ultraviolet light can cause sunburn and skin cancer .
Can you explain why? A: Ultraviolet light can travel through clouds, so it can harm unprotected skin even on cloudy days.  [SEP] : Ultraviolet light can travel through clouds
Can you explain why? A: Ultraviolet light can travel through clouds, so it can harm unprotected skin even on cloudy days.  [SEP] it can harm unprotected skin even on cloudy days .
Light includes infrared light, visible light, and ultraviolet light. As you can see from the Figure 1.1, light falls roughly in the middle of the electromagnetic spectrum. It has shorter wavelengths and higher frequencies than microwaves, but not as short and high as X rays. [SEP] you can see from the Figure 1.1 , light falls roughly in the middle of the electromagnetic spectrum .
Light includes infrared light, visible light, and ultraviolet light. As you can see from the Figure 1.1, light falls roughly in the middle of the electromagnetic spectrum. It has shorter wavelengths and higher frequencies than microwaves, but not as short and high as X rays. [SEP] Light includes infrared light , visible light , and ultraviolet light .
This light consists of a very narrow range of wavelengths that falls between infrared light and ultraviolet light. Within the visible range, we see light of different wavelengths as different colors of light, from red light, which has the longest wavelength, to violet light, which has the shortest wavelength (see Figure 1.2). When all of the wavelengths of visible light are combined, as they are in sunlight, visible light appears white. [SEP] different colors of light , from red light , which has the longest wavelength , to violet light , which has the shortest wavelength -LRB- see Figure 1.2
This light consists of a very narrow range of wavelengths that falls between infrared light and ultraviolet light. Within the visible range, we see light of different wavelengths as different colors of light, from red light, which has the longest wavelength, to violet light, which has the shortest wavelength (see Figure 1.2). When all of the wavelengths of visible light are combined, as they are in sunlight, visible light appears white. [SEP] Within the visible range , we see light of different wavelengths
Within the visible range, we see light of different wavelengths as different colors of light, from red light, which has the longest wavelength, to violet light, which has the shortest wavelength (see Figure 1.2). When all of the wavelengths of visible light are combined, as they are in sunlight, visible light appears white.  [SEP] they are in sunlight , visible light appears white .
Within the visible range, we see light of different wavelengths as different colors of light, from red light, which has the longest wavelength, to violet light, which has the shortest wavelength (see Figure 1.2). When all of the wavelengths of visible light are combined, as they are in sunlight, visible light appears white.  [SEP] all of the wavelengths of visible light are combined
Saturated fatty acids have only single bonds between carbon atoms. As a result, the carbon atoms are bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. In other words, the carbon atoms are saturated with hydrogens. [SEP] Saturated fatty acids have only single bonds between carbon atoms
Saturated fatty acids have only single bonds between carbon atoms. As a result, the carbon atoms are bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. In other words, the carbon atoms are saturated with hydrogens. [SEP] the carbon atoms are bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible .
Unsaturated fatty acids have at least one double bond between carbon atoms. As a result, some carbon atoms are not bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. They are unsaturated with hydrogens. [SEP] Unsaturated fatty acids have at least one double bond between carbon atoms
Unsaturated fatty acids have at least one double bond between carbon atoms. As a result, some carbon atoms are not bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. They are unsaturated with hydrogens. [SEP] some carbon atoms are not bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible .
Two layers of phospholipid molecules make up the cell membranes of living things. In the Figure One end of each phospholipid molecule is polar, so it has a partial electric charge. Water is also polar and has electrically charged ends, so it is attracted to the oppositely charged end of a phospholipid molecule. [SEP] In the Figure One end of each phospholipid molecule is polar
Two layers of phospholipid molecules make up the cell membranes of living things. In the Figure One end of each phospholipid molecule is polar, so it has a partial electric charge. Water is also polar and has electrically charged ends, so it is attracted to the oppositely charged end of a phospholipid molecule. [SEP] it has a partial electric charge .
In the Figure One end of each phospholipid molecule is polar, so it has a partial electric charge. Water is also polar and has electrically charged ends, so it is attracted to the oppositely charged end of a phospholipid molecule. This end of the phospholipid molecule is described as hydrophilic, which means water loving. [SEP] Water is also polar and has electrically charged ends
In the Figure One end of each phospholipid molecule is polar, so it has a partial electric charge. Water is also polar and has electrically charged ends, so it is attracted to the oppositely charged end of a phospholipid molecule. This end of the phospholipid molecule is described as hydrophilic, which means water loving. [SEP] it is attracted to the oppositely charged end of a phospholipid molecule .
 Notice in the Figure 1.1 that the coils of the spring first crowd closer together and then spread farther apart as the wave passes through them. Places where particles of a medium crowd closer together are called compressions, and places where the particles spread farther apart are called rarefactions. [SEP] the wave passes through them .
 Notice in the Figure 1.1 that the coils of the spring first crowd closer together and then spread farther apart as the wave passes through them. Places where particles of a medium crowd closer together are called compressions, and places where the particles spread farther apart are called rarefactions. [SEP] the spring first crowd closer together and then spread farther apart
At the center of the ridge, hot magma pushes up through the crust and hardens into rock. Once the magma hardens, the alignment of magnetic domains in the rock is frozen in place forever. Magnetic domains are regions in the rocks where all the atoms are lined up and pointing toward Earths north magnetic pole. [SEP] the magma hardens
At the center of the ridge, hot magma pushes up through the crust and hardens into rock. Once the magma hardens, the alignment of magnetic domains in the rock is frozen in place forever. Magnetic domains are regions in the rocks where all the atoms are lined up and pointing toward Earths north magnetic pole. [SEP] the alignment of magnetic domains in the rock is frozen in place forever .
Earths magnetic poles have switched places repeatedly in the past. As you can see in the Figure 1.1, each time the switch occurred, Earths magnetic field was reversed. The magnetic field is the region around a magnet over which it exerts magnetic force. [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.1 , each time the switch occurred , Earths magnetic field was reversed .
Earths magnetic poles have switched places repeatedly in the past. As you can see in the Figure 1.1, each time the switch occurred, Earths magnetic field was reversed. The magnetic field is the region around a magnet over which it exerts magnetic force. [SEP] Earths magnetic poles have switched places repeatedly in the past .
The magnetic field is the region around a magnet over which it exerts magnetic force. We think of todays magnetic field direction as normal, but thats only because its what were used to.  [SEP] its what were used
The magnetic field is the region around a magnet over which it exerts magnetic force. We think of todays magnetic field direction as normal, but thats only because its what were used to.  [SEP] We think of todays magnetic field direction as normal , but thats
North and south poles of two magnets attract each other, while two north poles or two south poles repel each other. A magnet can exert force over a distance because the magnet is surrounded by a magnetic field. In the Figure 1.2, you can see the magnetic field surrounding a bar magnet. [SEP] the magnet is surrounded by a magnetic field .
North and south poles of two magnets attract each other, while two north poles or two south poles repel each other. A magnet can exert force over a distance because the magnet is surrounded by a magnetic field. In the Figure 1.2, you can see the magnetic field surrounding a bar magnet. [SEP] A magnet can exert force over a distance
The poles are regions where the magnet is strongest. The poles are called north and south because they always line up with Earths north-south axis if the magnet is allowed to move freely. (Earths axis is the imaginary line around which the planet rotates.) [SEP] they always line up with Earths north-south axis if the magnet is allowed to move freely .
The poles are regions where the magnet is strongest. The poles are called north and south because they always line up with Earths north-south axis if the magnet is allowed to move freely. (Earths axis is the imaginary line around which the planet rotates.) [SEP] The poles are called north and south
The poles are regions where the magnet is strongest. The poles are called north and south because they always line up with Earths north-south axis if the magnet is allowed to move freely. (Earths axis is the imaginary line around which the planet rotates.) [SEP] the magnet is allowed to move freely .
The poles are regions where the magnet is strongest. The poles are called north and south because they always line up with Earths north-south axis if the magnet is allowed to move freely. (Earths axis is the imaginary line around which the planet rotates.) [SEP] they always line up with Earths north-south axis
(Earths axis is the imaginary line around which the planet rotates.) Q: What do you suppose would happen if you cut the bar magnet pictured in the Figure 1.1 along the line between the north and south poles? A: Both halves of the magnet would also have north and south poles. [SEP] you cut the bar magnet pictured in the Figure 1.1 along the line between the north and south poles ?
(Earths axis is the imaginary line around which the planet rotates.) Q: What do you suppose would happen if you cut the bar magnet pictured in the Figure 1.1 along the line between the north and south poles? A: Both halves of the magnet would also have north and south poles. [SEP] you suppose would happen
A: Both halves of the magnet would also have north and south poles. If you cut each of the halves in half, all those pieces would have north and south poles as well. Pieces of a magnet always have both north and south poles [SEP] you cut each of the halves in half
A: Both halves of the magnet would also have north and south poles. If you cut each of the halves in half, all those pieces would have north and south poles as well. Pieces of a magnet always have both north and south poles [SEP] all those pieces would have north and south poles as well .
For this ramp, the input distance is 6 m and the output distance is 2 meters. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of this ramp is: Input distance Ideal Mechanical Advantage = Output distance = [SEP] , the input distance is 6 m and the output distance is 2 meters
For this ramp, the input distance is 6 m and the output distance is 2 meters. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of this ramp is: Input distance Ideal Mechanical Advantage = Output distance = [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage of this ramp is : Input distance Ideal Mechanical Advantage =
The distance measurements can then be used to calculate the ideal mechanical advantage. The ideal mechanical advantage represents the change in input force that would be achieved by the machine if there were no friction to overcome. The ideal mechanical advantage is always greater than the actual mechanical advantage because all machines have to overcome friction. [SEP] there were no friction to overcome .
The distance measurements can then be used to calculate the ideal mechanical advantage. The ideal mechanical advantage represents the change in input force that would be achieved by the machine if there were no friction to overcome. The ideal mechanical advantage is always greater than the actual mechanical advantage because all machines have to overcome friction. [SEP] The ideal mechanical advantage represents the change in input force that would be achieved by the machine
The ideal mechanical advantage represents the change in input force that would be achieved by the machine if there were no friction to overcome. The ideal mechanical advantage is always greater than the actual mechanical advantage because all machines have to overcome friction. Ideal mechanical advantage can be calculated with the equation: [SEP] all machines have to overcome friction .
The ideal mechanical advantage represents the change in input force that would be achieved by the machine if there were no friction to overcome. The ideal mechanical advantage is always greater than the actual mechanical advantage because all machines have to overcome friction. Ideal mechanical advantage can be calculated with the equation: [SEP] The ideal mechanical advantage is always greater than the actual mechanical advantage
How much a machine changes the input force is its mechanical advantage. Mechanical advantage is the ratio of the output force to the input force, so it can be represented by the equation: Actual Mechanical Advantage = [SEP] Mechanical advantage is the ratio of the output force to the input force
How much a machine changes the input force is its mechanical advantage. Mechanical advantage is the ratio of the output force to the input force, so it can be represented by the equation: Actual Mechanical Advantage = [SEP] it can be represented by the equation :
In a longitudinal wave, particles of the medium vibrate back and forth parallel to the direction of the wave. In a surface wave, particles of the medium vibrate both up and down and back and forth, so they end up moving in a circle. Q: How do you think surface waves are related to transverse and longitudinal waves? [SEP] of the medium vibrate both up and down and back and forth
In a longitudinal wave, particles of the medium vibrate back and forth parallel to the direction of the wave. In a surface wave, particles of the medium vibrate both up and down and back and forth, so they end up moving in a circle. Q: How do you think surface waves are related to transverse and longitudinal waves? [SEP] they end up moving in a circle .
A: The particles of the medium just vibrate in place. As they vibrate, they pass the energy of the disturbance to the particles next to them, which pass the energy to the particles next to them, and so on. Particles of the medium dont actually travel along with the wave. [SEP] As they vibrate , they pass the energy of the disturbance to the particles next to them , which pass the energy to the particles next to them
A: The particles of the medium just vibrate in place. As they vibrate, they pass the energy of the disturbance to the particles next to them, which pass the energy to the particles next to them, and so on. Particles of the medium dont actually travel along with the wave. [SEP] on . Particles of the medium dont actually travel along with the wave
Where does the energy come from in the water wave pictured above? A: The energy comes from the falling droplets of water, which have kinetic energy because of their motion.  [SEP] their motion
Where does the energy come from in the water wave pictured above? A: The energy comes from the falling droplets of water, which have kinetic energy because of their motion.  [SEP] A : The energy comes from the falling droplets of water , which have kinetic energy
You can see how Mendeleev organized the elements in the Figure 1.2. From left to right across each row, elements are arranged by increasing atomic mass. Mendeleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. [SEP] increasing atomic mass
You can see how Mendeleev organized the elements in the Figure 1.2. From left to right across each row, elements are arranged by increasing atomic mass. Mendeleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. [SEP] From left to right across each row , elements are arranged
From left to right across each row, elements are arranged by increasing atomic mass. Mendeleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. He called the columns groups. [SEP] he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row
From left to right across each row, elements are arranged by increasing atomic mass. Mendeleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. He called the columns groups. [SEP] the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties .
He called the columns groups. They are sometimes called families, because elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another, like people in a family. Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table because of its repeating pattern. [SEP] elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another , like people in a family .
He called the columns groups. They are sometimes called families, because elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another, like people in a family. Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table because of its repeating pattern. [SEP] They are sometimes called families
They are sometimes called families, because elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another, like people in a family. Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table because of its repeating pattern. Anything that keeps repeating is referred to as periodic. [SEP] Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table
They are sometimes called families, because elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another, like people in a family. Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table because of its repeating pattern. Anything that keeps repeating is referred to as periodic. [SEP] . Anything that keeps repeating is referred to as periodic
For many years, scientists looked for a good way to organize the elements. This became increasingly important as more and more elements were discovered. An ingenious method of organizing elements was developed in 1869 by a Russian scientist named Dmitri Mendeleev, who is pictured 1.1. [SEP] more and more elements were discovered .
For many years, scientists looked for a good way to organize the elements. This became increasingly important as more and more elements were discovered. An ingenious method of organizing elements was developed in 1869 by a Russian scientist named Dmitri Mendeleev, who is pictured 1.1. [SEP] This became increasingly important
Mendeleev was a teacher as well as a chemist. He was writing a chemistry textbook and wanted to find a way to organize the 63 known elements so it would be easier for students to learn about them. He made a set of cards of the elements, similar to a deck of playing cards. [SEP] He was writing a chemistry textbook and wanted to find a way to organize the 63 known elements
Mendeleev was a teacher as well as a chemist. He was writing a chemistry textbook and wanted to find a way to organize the 63 known elements so it would be easier for students to learn about them. He made a set of cards of the elements, similar to a deck of playing cards. [SEP] it would be easier for students to learn about them .
Mendeleev arranged and rearranged the cards in many different ways, looking for a pattern. He finally found it when he placed the elements in order by increasing atomic mass. Q: What is atomic mass? [SEP] increasing atomic mass
Mendeleev arranged and rearranged the cards in many different ways, looking for a pattern. He finally found it when he placed the elements in order by increasing atomic mass. Q: What is atomic mass? [SEP] He finally found it when he placed the elements in order
It is about equal to the mass of the protons plus the neutrons in an atom. It is a good basis for organizing elements because each element has a unique number of protons and atomic mass is an indirect way of organizing elements by number of protons.  [SEP] each element has a unique number of protons and atomic mass is an indirect way of organizing elements by number of protons .
It is about equal to the mass of the protons plus the neutrons in an atom. It is a good basis for organizing elements because each element has a unique number of protons and atomic mass is an indirect way of organizing elements by number of protons.  [SEP] It is a good basis for organizing elements
He predicted that these missing elements would eventually be discovered. Based on their position in the table, he even predicted their properties. For example, he predicted a missing element in row 5 of group III. [SEP] their position in the table
He predicted that these missing elements would eventually be discovered. Based on their position in the table, he even predicted their properties. For example, he predicted a missing element in row 5 of group III. [SEP] he even predicted their properties .
They can shift a little closer together or farther apart without breaking the metallic bonds between them. Therefore, the metal can bend rather than crack when the hammer hits it.  [SEP] They can shift a little closer together or farther apart without breaking the metallic bonds between them
They can shift a little closer together or farther apart without breaking the metallic bonds between them. Therefore, the metal can bend rather than crack when the hammer hits it.  [SEP] the metal can bend rather than crack when the hammer hits it .
The valence electrons include their own and those of other, nearby ions of the same metal. The valence electrons of metals move freely in this way because metals have relatively low electronegativity, or attraction to electrons. The positive metal ions form a lattice-like structure held together by all the metallic bonds. [SEP] metals have relatively low electronegativity , or attraction to electrons .
The valence electrons include their own and those of other, nearby ions of the same metal. The valence electrons of metals move freely in this way because metals have relatively low electronegativity, or attraction to electrons. The positive metal ions form a lattice-like structure held together by all the metallic bonds. [SEP] The valence electrons of metals move freely in this way
When nonmetals bond together, the atoms share valence electrons and do not become ions. For example, when oxygen atoms bond together they form oxygen molecules in which two oxygen atoms share two pairs of valence electrons equally, so neither atom becomes charged.  [SEP] For example , when oxygen atoms bond together they form oxygen molecules in which two oxygen atoms share two pairs of valence electrons equally
When nonmetals bond together, the atoms share valence electrons and do not become ions. For example, when oxygen atoms bond together they form oxygen molecules in which two oxygen atoms share two pairs of valence electrons equally, so neither atom becomes charged.  [SEP] neither atom becomes charged .
A: Elements are arranged in the periodic table by their atomic number, which is the number of protons in their atoms. Atoms are neutral in electric charge, so they always have the same number of electrons as protons. It is the number of electrons in the outer energy level of atoms that determines most of the properties of elements. [SEP] Atoms are neutral in electric charge
A: Elements are arranged in the periodic table by their atomic number, which is the number of protons in their atoms. Atoms are neutral in electric charge, so they always have the same number of electrons as protons. It is the number of electrons in the outer energy level of atoms that determines most of the properties of elements. [SEP] they always have the same number of electrons as protons .
Boron, pictured in the Figure 1.1, is the only metalloid with just three electrons in its outer energy level. It tends to act like metals by giving up its electrons in chemical reactions. Metalloids with more than four electrons in their outer energy level (arsenic, antimony, and tellurium) tend to act like nonmetals by gaining electrons in chemical reactions. [SEP] giving up its electrons in chemical reactions
Boron, pictured in the Figure 1.1, is the only metalloid with just three electrons in its outer energy level. It tends to act like metals by giving up its electrons in chemical reactions. Metalloids with more than four electrons in their outer energy level (arsenic, antimony, and tellurium) tend to act like nonmetals by gaining electrons in chemical reactions. [SEP] It tends to act like metals
It tends to act like metals by giving up its electrons in chemical reactions. Metalloids with more than four electrons in their outer energy level (arsenic, antimony, and tellurium) tend to act like nonmetals by gaining electrons in chemical reactions. Those with exactly four electrons in their outer energy level (silicon and germanium) may act like either metals or nonmetals, depending on the other elements in the reaction. [SEP] gaining electrons in chemical reactions
It tends to act like metals by giving up its electrons in chemical reactions. Metalloids with more than four electrons in their outer energy level (arsenic, antimony, and tellurium) tend to act like nonmetals by gaining electrons in chemical reactions. Those with exactly four electrons in their outer energy level (silicon and germanium) may act like either metals or nonmetals, depending on the other elements in the reaction. [SEP] Metalloids with more than four electrons in their outer energy level -LRB- arsenic , antimony , and tellurium -RRB- tend to act like nonmetals
And metalloids? They fall between metals and nonmetals in their ability to conduct heat, and if they can conduct electricity, they usually can do so only at higher temperatures. Metalloids that can conduct electricity at higher temperatures are called semiconductors. [SEP] They fall between metals and nonmetals in their ability to conduct heat , and if they can conduct electricity , they usually can do
And metalloids? They fall between metals and nonmetals in their ability to conduct heat, and if they can conduct electricity, they usually can do so only at higher temperatures. Metalloids that can conduct electricity at higher temperatures are called semiconductors. [SEP] only at higher temperatures . Metalloids that can conduct electricity at higher temperatures are called semiconductors
Metalloids tend to be shiny like metals but brittle like nonmetals. Because they are brittle, they may chip like glass or crumble to a powder if struck. Other physical properties of metalloids are more variable, including their boiling and melting points, although all metalloids exist as solids at room temperature. [SEP] they are brittle
Metalloids tend to be shiny like metals but brittle like nonmetals. Because they are brittle, they may chip like glass or crumble to a powder if struck. Other physical properties of metalloids are more variable, including their boiling and melting points, although all metalloids exist as solids at room temperature. [SEP] they may chip like glass or crumble to a powder if struck .
Metals are generally shiny. This is because they reflect much of the light that strikes them. The mercury pictured above is very shiny. [SEP] they reflect much of the light that strikes them .
Metals are generally shiny. This is because they reflect much of the light that strikes them. The mercury pictured above is very shiny. [SEP] Metals are generally shiny
There are two electrons at the first energy level. This energy level can hold only two electrons, so it is full in lithium. The second energy level is another story. [SEP] This energy level can hold only two electrons
There are two electrons at the first energy level. This energy level can hold only two electrons, so it is full in lithium. The second energy level is another story. [SEP] it is full in lithium .
Electricity is a flow of electrons. Because lithium (like most other metals) easily gives up its extra electron, it is a good conductor of electricity. This tendency to give up electrons also explains other properties of metals such as lithium. [SEP] lithium -LRB- like most other metals -RRB- easily gives up its extra electron
Electricity is a flow of electrons. Because lithium (like most other metals) easily gives up its extra electron, it is a good conductor of electricity. This tendency to give up electrons also explains other properties of metals such as lithium. [SEP] it is a good conductor of electricity .
A microwave is an electromagnetic wave with a relatively long wavelength and low frequency. Microwaves are often classified as radio waves, but they have higher frequencies than other radio waves. With higher frequencies, they also have more energy. [SEP] radio waves , but they have higher frequencies than other radio
A microwave is an electromagnetic wave with a relatively long wavelength and low frequency. Microwaves are often classified as radio waves, but they have higher frequencies than other radio waves. With higher frequencies, they also have more energy. [SEP] Microwaves are often classified
With higher frequencies, they also have more energy. Thats why microwaves are useful for heating food in microwave ovens. Microwaves have other important uses as well, including cell phone transmissions and radar. [SEP] heating food in microwave ovens
With higher frequencies, they also have more energy. Thats why microwaves are useful for heating food in microwave ovens. Microwaves have other important uses as well, including cell phone transmissions and radar. [SEP] Thats why microwaves are useful
You can see how this works in the Figure 1.2. A cell phone encodes the sounds of the callers voice in microwaves by changing the frequency of the waves. This is called frequency modulation. [SEP] changing the frequency of the waves
You can see how this works in the Figure 1.2. A cell phone encodes the sounds of the callers voice in microwaves by changing the frequency of the waves. This is called frequency modulation. [SEP] A cell phone encodes the sounds of the callers voice in microwaves
Why do you think such tall towers are used? A: Microwaves can be interrupted by buildings and other obstructions, so cell towers must be placed high above the ground to prevent the interruption of cell phone signals.  [SEP] : Microwaves can be interrupted by buildings and other obstructions
Why do you think such tall towers are used? A: Microwaves can be interrupted by buildings and other obstructions, so cell towers must be placed high above the ground to prevent the interruption of cell phone signals.  [SEP] cell towers must be placed high above the ground to prevent the interruption of cell phone signals .
A: As the car approaches the radar gun, the reflected microwaves get bunched up in front of the car. Therefore, the waves the receiver detects have a higher frequency than they would if they were being reflected from a stationary object. The faster the car is moving, the greater the increase in the frequency of the waves. [SEP] : As the car approaches the radar gun , the reflected microwaves get bunched up in front of the car
A: As the car approaches the radar gun, the reflected microwaves get bunched up in front of the car. Therefore, the waves the receiver detects have a higher frequency than they would if they were being reflected from a stationary object. The faster the car is moving, the greater the increase in the frequency of the waves. [SEP] the waves the receiver detects have a higher frequency than they would if they were being reflected from a stationary object .
The other type of curved mirror, a convex mirror, is shaped like the outside of a bowl. Because of its shape, it can gather and reflect light from a wide area. As you can see in the Figure 1.3, a convex mirror forms only virtual images that are right-side up and smaller than the actual object. [SEP] The other type of curved mirror , a convex mirror , is shaped like the outside of a bowl
The other type of curved mirror, a convex mirror, is shaped like the outside of a bowl. Because of its shape, it can gather and reflect light from a wide area. As you can see in the Figure 1.3, a convex mirror forms only virtual images that are right-side up and smaller than the actual object. [SEP] , it can gather and reflect light from a wide area .
Because of its shape, it can gather and reflect light from a wide area. As you can see in the Figure 1.3, a convex mirror forms only virtual images that are right-side up and smaller than the actual object. Q: [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.3 , a convex mirror forms only virtual images that are right-side up and smaller than the actual object .
Because of its shape, it can gather and reflect light from a wide area. As you can see in the Figure 1.3, a convex mirror forms only virtual images that are right-side up and smaller than the actual object. Q: [SEP] Because of its shape , it can gather and reflect light from a wide area .
A : Because it gathers light over a wide area, a convex mirror gives the driver a wider view of the area around the vehicle than a plane mirror would.  [SEP] it gathers light over a wide area
A : Because it gathers light over a wide area, a convex mirror gives the driver a wider view of the area around the vehicle than a plane mirror would.  [SEP] a convex mirror gives the driver a wider view of the area around the vehicle than a plane mirror would .
A virtual image appears to be on the other side of the mirror. Of course, reflected rays dont actually go through the mirror to the other side, so a virtual image doesnt really exist. It just appears to exist to the human brain. [SEP] , reflected rays dont actually go through the mirror to the other side
A virtual image appears to be on the other side of the mirror. Of course, reflected rays dont actually go through the mirror to the other side, so a virtual image doesnt really exist. It just appears to exist to the human brain. [SEP] a virtual image doesnt really exist .
In the periodic table above, elements are color coded to show their class. As you move from left to right across each period of the table, the elements change from metals to metalloids to nonmetals. Q: [SEP] you move from left to right across each period of the table , the elements change from metals to metalloids to nonmetals .
In the periodic table above, elements are color coded to show their class. As you move from left to right across each period of the table, the elements change from metals to metalloids to nonmetals. Q: [SEP] In the periodic table above , elements are color coded to show their class .
 Rows of the modern periodic table are called periods, as they are in Mendeleevs table. From left to right across a period, each element has one more proton than the element before it. [SEP] they are in Mendeleevs table .
 Rows of the modern periodic table are called periods, as they are in Mendeleevs table. From left to right across a period, each element has one more proton than the element before it. [SEP] Rows of the modern periodic table are called periods
For example, period 1 contains only two elements: hydrogen (H) and helium (He). In contrast, periods 6 and 7 are so long that many of their elements are placed below the main part of the table. They are the elements starting with lanthanum (La) in period 6 and actinium (Ac) in period 7. [SEP] In contrast , periods 6 and 7 are so long
For example, period 1 contains only two elements: hydrogen (H) and helium (He). In contrast, periods 6 and 7 are so long that many of their elements are placed below the main part of the table. They are the elements starting with lanthanum (La) in period 6 and actinium (Ac) in period 7. [SEP] many of their elements are placed below the main part of the table .
A: Calcium is in period 4, so its atoms have electrons in them for the first four energy levels.  [SEP] Calcium is in period 4
A: Calcium is in period 4, so its atoms have electrons in them for the first four energy levels.  [SEP] its atoms have electrons in them for the first four energy levels .
 Columns of the modern table are called groups, as they are in Mendeleevs table. However, the modern table has many more groups18 compared with just 8 in Mendeleevs table. [SEP] they are in Mendeleevs table .
 Columns of the modern table are called groups, as they are in Mendeleevs table. However, the modern table has many more groups18 compared with just 8 in Mendeleevs table. [SEP] Columns of the modern table are called groups
In contrast, all elements in group 1 are very reactive solids. They react explosively with water, as you can see in the video and Figure 1.2. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] you can see in the video and Figure 1.2 .
In contrast, all elements in group 1 are very reactive solids. They react explosively with water, as you can see in the video and Figure 1.2. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] They react explosively with water
You can see a simple version of the modern periodic table in the Figure 1.1. The modern table is based on Mendeleevs table, except the modern table arranges the elements by increasing atomic number instead of atomic mass. Atomic number is the number of protons in an atom, and this number is unique for each element. [SEP] Mendeleevs table
You can see a simple version of the modern periodic table in the Figure 1.1. The modern table is based on Mendeleevs table, except the modern table arranges the elements by increasing atomic number instead of atomic mass. Atomic number is the number of protons in an atom, and this number is unique for each element. [SEP] except the modern table arranges the elements by increasing atomic number instead of atomic mass .
Atomic number is the number of protons in an atom, and this number is unique for each element. The modern table has more elements than Mendeleevs table because many elements have been discovered since Mendeleevs time.  [SEP] many elements have been discovered since Mendeleevs time .
Atomic number is the number of protons in an atom, and this number is unique for each element. The modern table has more elements than Mendeleevs table because many elements have been discovered since Mendeleevs time.  [SEP] The modern table has more elements than Mendeleevs table
In the 1860s, a scientist named Dmitri Mendeleev also saw the need to organize the elements. He created a table in which he arranged all of the elements by increasing atomic mass from left to right across each row. When he placed eight elements in each row and then started again in the next row, each column of the table contained elements with similar properties. [SEP] increasing atomic mass from left to right across each row
In the 1860s, a scientist named Dmitri Mendeleev also saw the need to organize the elements. He created a table in which he arranged all of the elements by increasing atomic mass from left to right across each row. When he placed eight elements in each row and then started again in the next row, each column of the table contained elements with similar properties. [SEP] He created a table in which he arranged all of the elements
Mendeleevs table is called a periodic table and the rows are called periods. Thats because the table keeps repeating from row to row, and periodic means repeating.  [SEP] the table keeps repeating from row to row
Mendeleevs table is called a periodic table and the rows are called periods. Thats because the table keeps repeating from row to row, and periodic means repeating.  [SEP] and periodic means repeating .
A: The compound is named dinitrogen trioxide. Nitrogen is named first because it is farther to the left in the periodic table than oxygen. Oxygen is given the -ide suffix because it is the second element named in the compound. [SEP] it is farther to the left in the periodic table than oxygen .
A: The compound is named dinitrogen trioxide. Nitrogen is named first because it is farther to the left in the periodic table than oxygen. Oxygen is given the -ide suffix because it is the second element named in the compound. [SEP] Nitrogen is named first
Nitrogen is named first because it is farther to the left in the periodic table than oxygen. Oxygen is given the -ide suffix because it is the second element named in the compound. The prefix di- is added to nitrogen to show that there are two atoms of nitrogen in each molecule of the compound. [SEP] it is the second element named in the compound .
Nitrogen is named first because it is farther to the left in the periodic table than oxygen. Oxygen is given the -ide suffix because it is the second element named in the compound. The prefix di- is added to nitrogen to show that there are two atoms of nitrogen in each molecule of the compound. [SEP] Oxygen is given the - ide suffix
The covalent bonds of covalent compounds are responsible for many of the properties of the compounds. Because valence electrons are shared in covalent compounds, rather than transferred between atoms as they are in ionic compounds, covalent compounds have very different properties than ionic compounds. Many covalent compounds, especially those containing carbon and hydrogen, burn easily. [SEP] valence electrons are shared in covalent compounds
The covalent bonds of covalent compounds are responsible for many of the properties of the compounds. Because valence electrons are shared in covalent compounds, rather than transferred between atoms as they are in ionic compounds, covalent compounds have very different properties than ionic compounds. Many covalent compounds, especially those containing carbon and hydrogen, burn easily. [SEP] rather than transferred between atoms as they are in ionic compounds , covalent compounds have very different properties than ionic compounds .
Many covalent compounds do not dissolve in water, whereas most ionic compounds dissolve well in water. Unlike ionic compounds, covalent compounds do not have freely moving electrons, so they cannot conduct Name of Compound(Chemical For- mula) Sodium chloride (NaCl) [SEP] Unlike ionic compounds , covalent compounds do not have freely moving electrons
Many covalent compounds do not dissolve in water, whereas most ionic compounds dissolve well in water. Unlike ionic compounds, covalent compounds do not have freely moving electrons, so they cannot conduct Name of Compound(Chemical For- mula) Sodium chloride (NaCl) [SEP] they can not conduct Name of Compound -LRB- Chemical For - mula -RRB-
An example is hydrogen chloride (HCl). It consists of one hydrogen atom and one chlorine atom, as you can see in the Figure 1.1.  [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.1 .
An example is hydrogen chloride (HCl). It consists of one hydrogen atom and one chlorine atom, as you can see in the Figure 1.1.  [SEP] It consists of one hydrogen atom and one chlorine atom
Momentum equals mass times velocity and is represented by the equation: Momentum = Mass  Velocity Q: What is Codys momentum as he stands at the top of the ramp? A [SEP] he stands at the top of the ramp ?
Momentum equals mass times velocity and is represented by the equation: Momentum = Mass  Velocity Q: What is Codys momentum as he stands at the top of the ramp? A [SEP] Momentum equals mass times velocity and is represented by the equation : Momentum = Mass Velocity Q : What is Codys momentum
A : Cody has no momentum as he stands there because he isnt moving. In other words, his velocity is zero. [SEP] he isnt moving .
A : Cody has no momentum as he stands there because he isnt moving. In other words, his velocity is zero. [SEP] : Cody has no momentum as he stands there
A : Cody has no momentum as he stands there because he isnt moving. In other words, his velocity is zero. [SEP] he stands there
A : Cody has no momentum as he stands there because he isnt moving. In other words, his velocity is zero. [SEP] Cody has no momentum
In other words, his velocity is zero. However, Cody will gain momentum as he starts moving down the ramp and picks up speed. Q: [SEP] he starts moving down the ramp and picks up speed .
In other words, his velocity is zero. However, Cody will gain momentum as he starts moving down the ramp and picks up speed. Q: [SEP] However , Cody will gain momentum
Who would be harder to stop? A: Jerod obviously has greater mass than Cody, so he would have greater momentum. He would also be harder to stop. [SEP] : Jerod obviously has greater mass than Cody
Who would be harder to stop? A: Jerod obviously has greater mass than Cody, so he would have greater momentum. He would also be harder to stop. [SEP] he would have greater momentum .
For example, Cody and his skateboard have a combined mass of 40 kg. If Cody is traveling at a velocity of 1.1 m/s by the time he reaches the bottom of the ramp, then his momentum is: Momentum = 40 kg   [SEP] Cody is traveling at a velocity of 1.1 m/s by the time he reaches the bottom of the ramp
For example, Cody and his skateboard have a combined mass of 40 kg. If Cody is traveling at a velocity of 1.1 m/s by the time he reaches the bottom of the ramp, then his momentum is: Momentum = 40 kg   [SEP] his momentum is : Momentum = 40
Youll see why when you consider the following example. Assume that the school bus pictured in the Figure 1.2 passes by you as you stand on the sidewalk. Its obvious to you that the bus is moving, but what about to the children inside the bus? [SEP] you stand on the sidewalk .
Youll see why when you consider the following example. Assume that the school bus pictured in the Figure 1.2 passes by you as you stand on the sidewalk. Its obvious to you that the bus is moving, but what about to the children inside the bus? [SEP] the school bus pictured in the Figure 1.2 passes by you
Its obvious to you that the bus is moving, but what about to the children inside the bus? The bus isnt moving relative to them, and if they look at the other children sitting on the bus, they wont appear to be moving either. If the ride is really smooth, the children may only be able to tell that the bus is moving by looking out the window and seeing you and the trees whizzing by. [SEP] they look at the other children sitting on the bus
Its obvious to you that the bus is moving, but what about to the children inside the bus? The bus isnt moving relative to them, and if they look at the other children sitting on the bus, they wont appear to be moving either. If the ride is really smooth, the children may only be able to tell that the bus is moving by looking out the window and seeing you and the trees whizzing by. [SEP] they wont appear to be moving either .
The bus isnt moving relative to them, and if they look at the other children sitting on the bus, they wont appear to be moving either. If the ride is really smooth, the children may only be able to tell that the bus is moving by looking out the window and seeing you and the trees whizzing by. This example shows that how we perceive motion depends on our frame of reference. [SEP] the ride is really smooth
The bus isnt moving relative to them, and if they look at the other children sitting on the bus, they wont appear to be moving either. If the ride is really smooth, the children may only be able to tell that the bus is moving by looking out the window and seeing you and the trees whizzing by. This example shows that how we perceive motion depends on our frame of reference. [SEP] the children may only be able to tell that the bus is moving by looking out the window and seeing you and the trees whizzing by
The bus isnt moving relative to them, and if they look at the other children sitting on the bus, they wont appear to be moving either. If the ride is really smooth, the children may only be able to tell that the bus is moving by looking out the window and seeing you and the trees whizzing by. This example shows that how we perceive motion depends on our frame of reference. [SEP] looking out the window and seeing you
The bus isnt moving relative to them, and if they look at the other children sitting on the bus, they wont appear to be moving either. If the ride is really smooth, the children may only be able to tell that the bus is moving by looking out the window and seeing you and the trees whizzing by. This example shows that how we perceive motion depends on our frame of reference. [SEP] and the trees whizzing by
Frame of reference refers to something that is not moving with respect to an observer that can be used to detect motion. For the children on the bus, if they use other children riding the bus as their frame of reference, they do not appear to be moving. But if they use objects outside the bus as their frame of reference, they can tell they are moving. [SEP] their frame of reference , they do not appear to be moving .
Frame of reference refers to something that is not moving with respect to an observer that can be used to detect motion. For the children on the bus, if they use other children riding the bus as their frame of reference, they do not appear to be moving. But if they use objects outside the bus as their frame of reference, they can tell they are moving. [SEP] they use other children riding the bus
For the children on the bus, if they use other children riding the bus as their frame of reference, they do not appear to be moving. But if they use objects outside the bus as their frame of reference, they can tell they are moving. Q: What is your frame of reference if you are standing on the sidewalk and see the bus go by? [SEP] their frame of reference , they can tell they are moving .
For the children on the bus, if they use other children riding the bus as their frame of reference, they do not appear to be moving. But if they use objects outside the bus as their frame of reference, they can tell they are moving. Q: What is your frame of reference if you are standing on the sidewalk and see the bus go by? [SEP] they use objects outside the bus
A: Your frame of reference might be the trees and other stationary objects across the street. As the bus goes by, it momentarily blocks your view of these objects, and this helps you detect the bus motion.  [SEP] the bus goes by , it momentarily blocks your view of these objects , and this
A: Your frame of reference might be the trees and other stationary objects across the street. As the bus goes by, it momentarily blocks your view of these objects, and this helps you detect the bus motion.  [SEP] : Your frame of reference might be the trees and other stationary objects across the street .
The geese are flying over their wetland environment. The meteor is shooting through the atmosphere toward Earth, burning up as it goes.  [SEP] it goes .
The geese are flying over their wetland environment. The meteor is shooting through the atmosphere toward Earth, burning up as it goes.  [SEP] The meteor is shooting through the atmosphere toward Earth , burning up
Despite their diversity, however, musical instruments share certain similarities. All musical instruments create sound by causing matter to vibrate. The vibrations start sound waves moving through the air. [SEP] causing matter to vibrate
Despite their diversity, however, musical instruments share certain similarities. All musical instruments create sound by causing matter to vibrate. The vibrations start sound waves moving through the air. [SEP] All musical instruments create sound
A: The races have drawn a lot of attention to solar car development. The challenge of winning a race has also stimulated developers to keep improving the performance of solar cars so they can go faster and farther on solar power alone.  [SEP] The challenge of winning a race has also stimulated developers to keep improving the performance of solar cars
A: The races have drawn a lot of attention to solar car development. The challenge of winning a race has also stimulated developers to keep improving the performance of solar cars so they can go faster and farther on solar power alone.  [SEP] they can go faster and farther on solar power
Technology is the application of science to solve problems. Because technology finds solutions to practical problems, new technologies may have major impacts on society, science, and industry. For example, some people predict that 3-D printing will revolutionize manufacturing. [SEP] technology finds solutions to practical problems
Technology is the application of science to solve problems. Because technology finds solutions to practical problems, new technologies may have major impacts on society, science, and industry. For example, some people predict that 3-D printing will revolutionize manufacturing. [SEP] new technologies may have major impacts on society , science , and industry .
Q: Notice the names of the carbon isotopes in the diagram. Based on this example, infer how isotopes of an element are named. A: Isotopes of an element are named for their total number of protons and neutrons. [SEP] this example
Q: Notice the names of the carbon isotopes in the diagram. Based on this example, infer how isotopes of an element are named. A: Isotopes of an element are named for their total number of protons and neutrons. [SEP] infer how isotopes of an element are named .
Its name provides the clue that it has a total of 17 protons and neutrons. Therefore, it must have 9 neutrons (8 + 9 = 17).  [SEP] Its name provides the clue that it has a total of 17 protons and neutrons
Its name provides the clue that it has a total of 17 protons and neutrons. Therefore, it must have 9 neutrons (8 + 9 = 17).  [SEP] it must have 9 neutrons -LRB- 8 + 9 = 17 -RRB- .
 If you understand how a skateboard starts and stops, then you already know something about Newtons first law of motion. This law was developed by English scientist Isaac Newton around 1700. [SEP] you understand how a skateboard starts and stops
 If you understand how a skateboard starts and stops, then you already know something about Newtons first law of motion. This law was developed by English scientist Isaac Newton around 1700. [SEP] then you already know something about Newtons first law of motion .
Without an unbalanced force, a moving object will not only keep moving, but its speed and direction will also remain the same. Newtons first law of motion is often called the law of inertia because inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its motion. If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. [SEP] inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its motion .
Without an unbalanced force, a moving object will not only keep moving, but its speed and direction will also remain the same. Newtons first law of motion is often called the law of inertia because inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its motion. If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. [SEP] Newtons first law of motion is often called the law of inertia
Newtons first law of motion is often called the law of inertia because inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its motion. If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. If an object is already in motion, inertia will keep it moving. [SEP] an object is already at rest
Newtons first law of motion is often called the law of inertia because inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its motion. If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. If an object is already in motion, inertia will keep it moving. [SEP] inertia will keep it at rest .
If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. If an object is already in motion, inertia will keep it moving.  [SEP] an object is already in motion
If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. If an object is already in motion, inertia will keep it moving.  [SEP] inertia will keep it moving .
Thats Jerod in the Figure 1.3. As he reaches the top of a bank, he turns his skateboard to go back down. To change direction, he presses down with his heels on one edge of the skateboard. [SEP] he reaches the top of a bank , he turns his skateboard to go back down .
Thats Jerod in the Figure 1.3. As he reaches the top of a bank, he turns his skateboard to go back down. To change direction, he presses down with his heels on one edge of the skateboard. [SEP] Thats Jerod in the Figure 1.3 .
The force she applies when she pushes off is stronger than the force of friction that opposes the skateboards motion. As a result, the force on the skateboard is unbalanced, and the skateboard moves forward. Q: How does Nina use Newtons first law to stop her skateboard? [SEP] The force she applies when she pushes off is stronger than the force of friction that opposes the skateboards motion
The force she applies when she pushes off is stronger than the force of friction that opposes the skateboards motion. As a result, the force on the skateboard is unbalanced, and the skateboard moves forward. Q: How does Nina use Newtons first law to stop her skateboard? [SEP] the force on the skateboard is unbalanced , and the skateboard moves forward .
Q: How does Nina use Newtons first law to stop her skateboard? A: Once the skateboard starts moving, it would keep moving at the same speed and in the same direction if not for another unbalanced force. That force is friction between the skateboard and the pavement. [SEP] the skateboard starts moving
Q: How does Nina use Newtons first law to stop her skateboard? A: Once the skateboard starts moving, it would keep moving at the same speed and in the same direction if not for another unbalanced force. That force is friction between the skateboard and the pavement. [SEP] it would keep moving at the same speed and in the same direction if not for another unbalanced force .
That force is friction between the skateboard and the pavement. The force of friction is unbalanced because Nina is no longer pushing with her foot to keep the skateboard moving. Thats why the skateboard stops. [SEP] Nina is no longer pushing with her foot to keep the skateboard moving .
That force is friction between the skateboard and the pavement. The force of friction is unbalanced because Nina is no longer pushing with her foot to keep the skateboard moving. Thats why the skateboard stops. [SEP] The force of friction is unbalanced
The unbalanced force causes the skateboard to turn toward the other side. In the picture, Jerod is pressing down with his heels, so the skateboard turns toward his toes.  [SEP] In the picture , Jerod is pressing down with his heels
The unbalanced force causes the skateboard to turn toward the other side. In the picture, Jerod is pressing down with his heels, so the skateboard turns toward his toes.  [SEP] the skateboard turns toward his toes .
Did you ever ride a skateboard? Even if you didnt, you probably know that to start a skateboard rolling over a level surface, you need to push off with one foot against the ground. Thats what Coreys friend Nina is doing in this picture 1.1. [SEP] you didnt
Did you ever ride a skateboard? Even if you didnt, you probably know that to start a skateboard rolling over a level surface, you need to push off with one foot against the ground. Thats what Coreys friend Nina is doing in this picture 1.1. [SEP] you probably know that to start a skateboard rolling over a level surface , you need to push off with one foot against the ground .
Look how Ninas friend Laura does it in the Figure the skateboard. Even if Laura didnt try to stop the skateboard, it would stop sooner or later. Thats because theres also friction between the wheels and the pavement. [SEP] Laura didnt try to stop the skateboard
Look how Ninas friend Laura does it in the Figure the skateboard. Even if Laura didnt try to stop the skateboard, it would stop sooner or later. Thats because theres also friction between the wheels and the pavement. [SEP] it would stop sooner or later .
Even if Laura didnt try to stop the skateboard, it would stop sooner or later. Thats because theres also friction between the wheels and the pavement. Friction is a force that counters all kinds of motion. [SEP] theres also friction between the wheels and the pavement .
Even if Laura didnt try to stop the skateboard, it would stop sooner or later. Thats because theres also friction between the wheels and the pavement. Friction is a force that counters all kinds of motion. [SEP] if Laura didnt try to stop the skateboard , it would stop sooner or later . Thats
Newtons law of universal gravitation had a huge impact on how people thought about the universe. Why do you think it was so important? A: Newtons law was the first scientific law that applied to the entire universe. [SEP] Why do you think it was
Newtons law of universal gravitation had a huge impact on how people thought about the universe. Why do you think it was so important? A: Newtons law was the first scientific law that applied to the entire universe. [SEP] important ? A : Newtons law was the first scientific law that applied to the entire
Objects with greater mass have a stronger force of gravity between them. For example, because Earth is so massive, it attracts you and your desk more strongly that you and your desk attract each other. Thats why you and the desk remain in place on the floor rather than moving toward one another. [SEP] For example , because Earth is so massive
Objects with greater mass have a stronger force of gravity between them. For example, because Earth is so massive, it attracts you and your desk more strongly that you and your desk attract each other. Thats why you and the desk remain in place on the floor rather than moving toward one another. [SEP] you and your desk attract each other .
Objects that are closer together have a stronger force of gravity between them. For example, the moon is closer to Earth than it is to the more massive sun, so the force of gravity is greater between the moon and Earth than between the moon and the sun. Thats why the moon circles around Earth rather than the sun. [SEP] , the moon is closer to Earth than it is to the more massive sun
Objects that are closer together have a stronger force of gravity between them. For example, the moon is closer to Earth than it is to the more massive sun, so the force of gravity is greater between the moon and Earth than between the moon and the sun. Thats why the moon circles around Earth rather than the sun. [SEP] the force of gravity is greater between the moon and Earth than between the moon and the sun .
A : Tony exerts a backward force against the ground, as you can see in the Figure 1.1, first with one skate and then with the other. This force pushes him forward. [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.1 , first with one skate and then with the other .
A : Tony exerts a backward force against the ground, as you can see in the Figure 1.1, first with one skate and then with the other. This force pushes him forward. [SEP] Tony exerts a backward force against the ground
Although friction partly counters the forward motion of the skates, it is weaker than the force Tony exerts. Therefore, there is a net forward force on the skates.  [SEP] Although friction partly counters the forward motion of the skates , it is weaker than the force Tony exerts
Although friction partly counters the forward motion of the skates, it is weaker than the force Tony exerts. Therefore, there is a net forward force on the skates.  [SEP] there is a net forward force on the skates .
Q: If Jerod pushes against the ground with greater force, how will this affect his forward motion? A: His action force will be greater, so the reaction force will be greater as well. Jerod will be pushed forward with more force, and this will make him go faster and farther. [SEP] : His action force will be greater
Q: If Jerod pushes against the ground with greater force, how will this affect his forward motion? A: His action force will be greater, so the reaction force will be greater as well. Jerod will be pushed forward with more force, and this will make him go faster and farther. [SEP] the reaction force will be greater as well .
 Because action and reaction forces are equal and opposite, you might think they would cancel out, as balanced forces do. But you would be wrong. [SEP] action and reaction forces are equal and opposite
 Because action and reaction forces are equal and opposite, you might think they would cancel out, as balanced forces do. But you would be wrong. [SEP] you might think they would cancel out , as balanced forces do .
 Because action and reaction forces are equal and opposite, you might think they would cancel out, as balanced forces do. But you would be wrong. [SEP] balanced forces do .
 Because action and reaction forces are equal and opposite, you might think they would cancel out, as balanced forces do. But you would be wrong. [SEP] you might think they would cancel out
Thats why they cancel out. Action-reaction forces are equal and opposite forces that act on different objects, so they dont cancel out. In fact, they often result in motion. [SEP] Action-reaction forces are equal and opposite forces that act on different objects
Thats why they cancel out. Action-reaction forces are equal and opposite forces that act on different objects, so they dont cancel out. In fact, they often result in motion. [SEP] they dont cancel out .
: Heres one example. If you lean on something like a wall or your locker, you are applying force to it. The wall or locker applies an equal and opposite force to you. [SEP] you lean on something like a wall or your locker
: Heres one example. If you lean on something like a wall or your locker, you are applying force to it. The wall or locker applies an equal and opposite force to you. [SEP] you are applying force to it .
The wall or locker applies an equal and opposite force to you. If it didnt, you would go right through it or else it would tip over. [SEP] it didnt
The wall or locker applies an equal and opposite force to you. If it didnt, you would go right through it or else it would tip over. [SEP] you would go right through it
Noble gases are the least reactive of all known elements. Thats because with eight valence electrons, their outer energy levels are full. The only exception is helium, which has just two electrons. [SEP] with eight valence electrons , their outer energy levels are full .
Noble gases are the least reactive of all known elements. Thats because with eight valence electrons, their outer energy levels are full. The only exception is helium, which has just two electrons. [SEP] gases are the least reactive of all known elements . Thats
The only exception is helium, which has just two electrons. But helium also has a full outer energy level, because its only energy level (energy level 1) can hold a maximum of two electrons. A full outer energy level is the most stable arrangement of electrons. [SEP] its only energy level -LRB- energy level 1 -RRB- can hold a maximum of two electrons .
The only exception is helium, which has just two electrons. But helium also has a full outer energy level, because its only energy level (energy level 1) can hold a maximum of two electrons. A full outer energy level is the most stable arrangement of electrons. [SEP] But helium also has a full outer energy level
A full outer energy level is the most stable arrangement of electrons. As a result, noble gases cannot become more stable by reacting with other elements and gaining or losing valence electrons. Therefore, noble gases are rarely involved in chemical reactions and almost never form compounds with other elements. [SEP] A full outer energy level is the most stable arrangement of electrons
A full outer energy level is the most stable arrangement of electrons. As a result, noble gases cannot become more stable by reacting with other elements and gaining or losing valence electrons. Therefore, noble gases are rarely involved in chemical reactions and almost never form compounds with other elements. [SEP] noble gases can not become more stable by reacting with other elements and gaining or losing valence electrons .
As a result, noble gases cannot become more stable by reacting with other elements and gaining or losing valence electrons. Therefore, noble gases are rarely involved in chemical reactions and almost never form compounds with other elements.  [SEP] As a result , noble gases can not become more stable by reacting with other elements and gaining or losing valence electrons
As a result, noble gases cannot become more stable by reacting with other elements and gaining or losing valence electrons. Therefore, noble gases are rarely involved in chemical reactions and almost never form compounds with other elements.  [SEP] noble gases are rarely involved in chemical reactions and almost never form compounds with other elements .
Noble gases are nonreactive, nonmetallic elements in group 18 of the periodic table. As you can see in the periodic table below, noble gases include helium (He), neon (Ne), argon (Ar), krypton (Kr), xenon (Xe), and radon (Rn). All noble gases are colorless and odorless. [SEP] you can see in the periodic table below , noble gases include helium -LRB- He -RRB- , neon -LRB- Ne -RRB- , argon -LRB- Ar -RRB- , krypton -LRB- Kr -RRB- , xenon -LRB- Xe -RRB- , and radon -LRB- Rn -RRB- .
Noble gases are nonreactive, nonmetallic elements in group 18 of the periodic table. As you can see in the periodic table below, noble gases include helium (He), neon (Ne), argon (Ar), krypton (Kr), xenon (Xe), and radon (Rn). All noble gases are colorless and odorless. [SEP] Noble gases are nonreactive , nonmetallic elements in group 18 of the periodic table .
They also have low boiling points, explaining why they are gases at room temperature. Radon, at the bottom of the group, is radioactive, so it constantly decays to other elements. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] Radon , at the bottom of the group , is radioactive
They also have low boiling points, explaining why they are gases at room temperature. Radon, at the bottom of the group, is radioactive, so it constantly decays to other elements. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] it constantly decays to other elements .
Q: Based on their position in the periodic table (Figure 1.1), how many valence electrons do you think noble gases have? A: The number of valence electrons starts at one for elements in group 1. [SEP] their position in the periodic table -LRB- Figure 1.1 -RRB-
Q: Based on their position in the periodic table (Figure 1.1), how many valence electrons do you think noble gases have? A: The number of valence electrons starts at one for elements in group 1. [SEP] how many valence electrons do you think noble gases
It then increases by one from left to right across each period (row) of the periodic table for groups 1-2 and 13-18 (numbered 3-0 in the table above). Therefore, noble gases have eight valence electrons.  [SEP] It then increases by one from left to right across each period -LRB- row -RRB- of the periodic table for groups 1-2 and 13-18 -LRB- numbered 3-0 in the table above -RRB-
It then increases by one from left to right across each period (row) of the periodic table for groups 1-2 and 13-18 (numbered 3-0 in the table above). Therefore, noble gases have eight valence electrons.  [SEP] noble gases have eight valence electrons .
The gas is pumped from a tank into a Mylar balloon. Unlike a balloon filled with air, a balloon filled with helium needs to be weighted down so it wont float away. Q: Why does a helium balloon float away if its not weighted down? [SEP] Unlike a balloon filled with air , a balloon filled with helium needs to be weighted down
The gas is pumped from a tank into a Mylar balloon. Unlike a balloon filled with air, a balloon filled with helium needs to be weighted down so it wont float away. Q: Why does a helium balloon float away if its not weighted down? [SEP] it wont float away .
Unlike a balloon filled with air, a balloon filled with helium needs to be weighted down so it wont float away. Q: Why does a helium balloon float away if its not weighted down? A: [SEP] its not weighted down ?
Unlike a balloon filled with air, a balloon filled with helium needs to be weighted down so it wont float away. Q: Why does a helium balloon float away if its not weighted down? A: [SEP] a helium balloon float away
A: Helium atoms have just two protons, two neutrons, and two electrons, so they have less mass than any other atoms except hydrogen. As a result, helium is lighter than air, explaining why a helium balloon floats up into the air unless weighted down. [SEP] Helium atoms have just two protons , two neutrons , and two electrons
A: Helium atoms have just two protons, two neutrons, and two electrons, so they have less mass than any other atoms except hydrogen. As a result, helium is lighter than air, explaining why a helium balloon floats up into the air unless weighted down. [SEP] they have less mass than any other atoms except hydrogen .
Helium atoms have just two protons, two neutrons, and two electrons, so they have less mass than any other atoms except hydrogen. As a result, helium is lighter than air, explaining why a helium balloon floats up into the air unless weighted down. Early incandescent light bulbs, like the one pictured in the Figure 1.3, didnt last very long. [SEP] atoms have just two protons , two neutrons , and two electrons , so they have less mass than any other atoms except hydrogen
Helium atoms have just two protons, two neutrons, and two electrons, so they have less mass than any other atoms except hydrogen. As a result, helium is lighter than air, explaining why a helium balloon floats up into the air unless weighted down. Early incandescent light bulbs, like the one pictured in the Figure 1.3, didnt last very long. [SEP] helium is lighter than air , explaining why a helium balloon floats up into the air unless weighted down .
Noble gases are also used to fill the glass tubes of lighted signs like the one in the Figure 1.4. Although noble gases are chemically nonreactive, their electrons can be energized by sending an electric current through them. When this happens, the electrons jump to a higher energy level. [SEP] sending an electric current through them
Noble gases are also used to fill the glass tubes of lighted signs like the one in the Figure 1.4. Although noble gases are chemically nonreactive, their electrons can be energized by sending an electric current through them. When this happens, the electrons jump to a higher energy level. [SEP] Although noble gases are chemically nonreactive , their electrons can be energized
 Because the noble gases are the least reactive of all elements, their eight valence electrons are used as the standard for nonreactivity and to explain how other elements interact. This is stated as the octet (group of eight) rule. [SEP] the noble gases are the least reactive of all elements
 Because the noble gases are the least reactive of all elements, their eight valence electrons are used as the standard for nonreactivity and to explain how other elements interact. This is stated as the octet (group of eight) rule. [SEP] their eight valence electrons are used as the standard for nonreactivity and to explain how other elements interact .
This is stated as the octet (group of eight) rule. According to this rule, atoms react to form compounds that allow them to have a group of eight valence electrons like the noble gases. For example, sodium (with one valence electron) reacts with chlorine (with seven valence electrons) to form the stable compound sodium chloride (table salt). [SEP] this rule
This is stated as the octet (group of eight) rule. According to this rule, atoms react to form compounds that allow them to have a group of eight valence electrons like the noble gases. For example, sodium (with one valence electron) reacts with chlorine (with seven valence electrons) to form the stable compound sodium chloride (table salt). [SEP] atoms react to form compounds that allow them to have a group of eight valence electrons like the noble gases .
How might this be related to the properties of nonmetals? A: Because nonmetals are on the right side of the periodic table, they have more electrons in their outer energy level than elements on the left side or in the middle of the periodic table. The number of electrons in the outer energy level of an atom determines many of its properties. [SEP] nonmetals are on the right side of the periodic table
How might this be related to the properties of nonmetals? A: Because nonmetals are on the right side of the periodic table, they have more electrons in their outer energy level than elements on the left side or in the middle of the periodic table. The number of electrons in the outer energy level of an atom determines many of its properties. [SEP] they have more electrons in their outer energy level than elements on the left side or in the middle of the periodic table .
A: Fluorine is more reactive than neon. Thats because it has seven of eight possible electrons in its outer energy level, whereas neon already has eight electrons in this energy level. Although neon has just one more electron than fluorine in its outer energy level, that one electron makes a huge difference. [SEP] it has seven of eight possible electrons in its outer energy level
A: Fluorine is more reactive than neon. Thats because it has seven of eight possible electrons in its outer energy level, whereas neon already has eight electrons in this energy level. Although neon has just one more electron than fluorine in its outer energy level, that one electron makes a huge difference. [SEP] whereas neon already has eight electrons in this energy level .
Fluorine needs one more electron to fill its outer energy level in order to have the most stable arrangement of electrons. Therefore, fluorine readily accepts an electron from any element that is equally eager to give one up, Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] Fluorine needs one more electron to fill its outer energy level in order to have the most stable arrangement of electrons
Fluorine needs one more electron to fill its outer energy level in order to have the most stable arrangement of electrons. Therefore, fluorine readily accepts an electron from any element that is equally eager to give one up, Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] fluorine readily accepts an electron from any element that is equally eager to give one up , Click image to the left or use the URL below .
An electric current is a flow of electrons. Elements that readily give up electrons (the metals) can carry electric current because their electrons can flow freely. Elements that gain electrons instead of giving them up cannot carry electric current. [SEP] their electrons can flow freely .
An electric current is a flow of electrons. Elements that readily give up electrons (the metals) can carry electric current because their electrons can flow freely. Elements that gain electrons instead of giving them up cannot carry electric current. [SEP] Elements that readily give up electrons -LRB- the metals -RRB- can carry electric current
Elements that gain electrons instead of giving them up cannot carry electric current. They hold onto their electrons so they cannot flow.  [SEP] They hold onto their electrons
Elements that gain electrons instead of giving them up cannot carry electric current. They hold onto their electrons so they cannot flow.  [SEP] they can not flow .
In either case, the nucleus of uranium-235 becomes extremely unstable with the extra neutron. As a result, it splits into two smaller nuclei, krypton-92 and barium-141. The reaction also releases three neutrons and a great deal of energy. [SEP] In either case , the nucleus of uranium-235 becomes extremely unstable with the extra neutron
In either case, the nucleus of uranium-235 becomes extremely unstable with the extra neutron. As a result, it splits into two smaller nuclei, krypton-92 and barium-141. The reaction also releases three neutrons and a great deal of energy. [SEP] it splits into two smaller nuclei , krypton-92 and barium-141 .
The air pollution also causes acid rain and contributes to global warming. In addition, fossil fuels are nonrenewable resources, so if we keep using them, they will eventually run out. The main advantage of nuclear energy is that it doesnt release air pollution or cause the other environmental problems associated with the burning of fossil fuels. [SEP] , fossil fuels are nonrenewable resources
The air pollution also causes acid rain and contributes to global warming. In addition, fossil fuels are nonrenewable resources, so if we keep using them, they will eventually run out. The main advantage of nuclear energy is that it doesnt release air pollution or cause the other environmental problems associated with the burning of fossil fuels. [SEP] if we keep using them , they will eventually run out .
The air pollution also causes acid rain and contributes to global warming. In addition, fossil fuels are nonrenewable resources, so if we keep using them, they will eventually run out. The main advantage of nuclear energy is that it doesnt release air pollution or cause the other environmental problems associated with the burning of fossil fuels. [SEP] we keep using them
The air pollution also causes acid rain and contributes to global warming. In addition, fossil fuels are nonrenewable resources, so if we keep using them, they will eventually run out. The main advantage of nuclear energy is that it doesnt release air pollution or cause the other environmental problems associated with the burning of fossil fuels. [SEP] they will eventually run out .
It takes thousands of years for it to decay until it no longer releases harmful radiation. Therefore, used fuel must be stored securely to protect people and other living things. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] It takes thousands of years for it to decay until it no longer releases harmful radiation
It takes thousands of years for it to decay until it no longer releases harmful radiation. Therefore, used fuel must be stored securely to protect people and other living things. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] used fuel must be stored securely to protect people and other living things .
You can see how this happens in the Figure 1.3. In a chain reaction, one fission reaction leads to others, which lead to others, and so on. A nuclear chain reaction is similar to a pile of wood burning. [SEP] In a chain reaction , one fission reaction leads to others , which lead to others
You can see how this happens in the Figure 1.3. In a chain reaction, one fission reaction leads to others, which lead to others, and so on. A nuclear chain reaction is similar to a pile of wood burning. [SEP] on . A nuclear chain reaction is similar to a pile of wood burning
A nuclear chain reaction is similar to a pile of wood burning. If you start one piece of wood burning, enough heat is produced by the burning wood to start the rest of the pile burning without any further help from you. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] you start one piece of wood burning
A nuclear chain reaction is similar to a pile of wood burning. If you start one piece of wood burning, enough heat is produced by the burning wood to start the rest of the pile burning without any further help from you. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] enough heat is produced by the burning wood to start the rest of the pile burning without any further help from you .
 If a nuclear chain reaction is uncontrolled, it produces a lot of energy all at once. This is what happens in an atomic bomb. [SEP] a nuclear chain reaction is uncontrolled
 If a nuclear chain reaction is uncontrolled, it produces a lot of energy all at once. This is what happens in an atomic bomb. [SEP] it produces a lot of energy all at once .
This is what happens in an atomic bomb. However, if a nuclear chain reaction is controlled, it produces energy much more slowly. This is what occurs in a nuclear power plant. [SEP] a nuclear chain reaction is controlled
This is what happens in an atomic bomb. However, if a nuclear chain reaction is controlled, it produces energy much more slowly. This is what occurs in a nuclear power plant. [SEP] it produces energy much more slowly .
This is what occurs in a nuclear power plant. The reaction is controlled by inserting rods of nonfissioning material into the fissioning material. You can see this in the Figure 1.4. [SEP] inserting rods of nonfissioning material into the fissioning material
This is what occurs in a nuclear power plant. The reaction is controlled by inserting rods of nonfissioning material into the fissioning material. You can see this in the Figure 1.4. [SEP] The reaction is controlled
It takes place only at extremely high temperatures. Thats because a great deal of energy is needed to overcome the force of repulsion between the positively charged nuclei. The suns energy comes from fusion in its core, shown in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] a great deal of energy is needed to overcome the force of repulsion between the positively charged nuclei .
It takes place only at extremely high temperatures. Thats because a great deal of energy is needed to overcome the force of repulsion between the positively charged nuclei. The suns energy comes from fusion in its core, shown in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] takes place only at extremely high temperatures . Thats
The Sun Q: Why doesnt nuclear fusion occur naturally on Earth? A: Nuclear fusion doesnt occur naturally on Earth because it requires temperatures far higher than Earth tempera- tures.  [SEP] it requires temperatures far higher than Earth tempera - tures .
The Sun Q: Why doesnt nuclear fusion occur naturally on Earth? A: Nuclear fusion doesnt occur naturally on Earth because it requires temperatures far higher than Earth tempera- tures.  [SEP] A : Nuclear fusion doesnt occur naturally on Earth
There are no known materials that can contain plasma, although a magnet might be able to do it. Thats because plasma consists of ions and responds to magnetism. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] plasma consists of ions and responds to magnetism .
There are no known materials that can contain plasma, although a magnet might be able to do it. Thats because plasma consists of ions and responds to magnetism. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] are no known materials that can contain plasma , although a magnet might be able to do it . Thats
The instructions are encoded in the sequence of nitrogen bases in the nucleotide chains of DNA. RNA copies and interprets the genetic code in DNA and is also involved in the synthesis of proteins based on the code. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the code
The instructions are encoded in the sequence of nitrogen bases in the nucleotide chains of DNA. RNA copies and interprets the genetic code in DNA and is also involved in the synthesis of proteins based on the code. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] RNA copies and interprets the genetic code in DNA and is also involved in the synthesis of proteins
DNA is found only in the nucleus of cells, but proteins are synthesized in the cytoplasm of cells, outside of the nucleus. How do you think the instructions encoded in DNA reach the cytoplasm so they can be used to make proteins? A: After RNA copies the instructions in DNA, it carries them from the nucleus to a site of protein synthesis in the cytoplasm, where the instructions are translated into a protein. [SEP] How do you think the instructions encoded in DNA reach the cytoplasm
DNA is found only in the nucleus of cells, but proteins are synthesized in the cytoplasm of cells, outside of the nucleus. How do you think the instructions encoded in DNA reach the cytoplasm so they can be used to make proteins? A: After RNA copies the instructions in DNA, it carries them from the nucleus to a site of protein synthesis in the cytoplasm, where the instructions are translated into a protein. [SEP] they can be used to make proteins ?
Like microscopes, telescopes use convex lenses to make enlarged images. However, telescopes make enlarged images of objectssuch as distant starsthat only appear tiny because they are very far away. There are two basic types of telescopes: reflecting telescopes and refracting telescopes. [SEP] they are very far away .
Like microscopes, telescopes use convex lenses to make enlarged images. However, telescopes make enlarged images of objectssuch as distant starsthat only appear tiny because they are very far away. There are two basic types of telescopes: reflecting telescopes and refracting telescopes. [SEP] However , telescopes make enlarged images of objectssuch as distant starsthat only appear tiny
Like microscopes, telescopes use convex lenses to make enlarged images. However, telescopes make enlarged images of objectssuch as distant starsthat only appear tiny because they are very far away. There are two basic types of telescopes: reflecting telescopes and refracting telescopes. [SEP] distant starsthat only appear tiny
Like microscopes, telescopes use convex lenses to make enlarged images. However, telescopes make enlarged images of objectssuch as distant starsthat only appear tiny because they are very far away. There are two basic types of telescopes: reflecting telescopes and refracting telescopes. [SEP] However , telescopes make enlarged images of objectssuch
Light passes through the lens at the front of the camera and enters the camera through an opening called the aperture. As light passes through the lens, it forms a reduced real image. The image focuses on film (or a sensor) at the back of the camera. [SEP] light passes through the lens , it forms a reduced real image .
Light passes through the lens at the front of the camera and enters the camera through an opening called the aperture. As light passes through the lens, it forms a reduced real image. The image focuses on film (or a sensor) at the back of the camera. [SEP] Light passes through the lens at the front of the camera and enters the camera through an opening called the aperture .
A laser is a device that produces a very focused beam of visible light of just one wavelength and color. Waves of laser light are synchronized so the crests and troughs of the waves line up. The diagram in Figure 1.4 shows why a beam of laser light is so focused compared with ordinary light from a flashlight. [SEP] Waves of laser light are synchronized
A laser is a device that produces a very focused beam of visible light of just one wavelength and color. Waves of laser light are synchronized so the crests and troughs of the waves line up. The diagram in Figure 1.4 shows why a beam of laser light is so focused compared with ordinary light from a flashlight. [SEP] the crests and troughs of the waves line up .
Waves of laser light are synchronized so the crests and troughs of the waves line up. The diagram in Figure 1.4 shows why a beam of laser light is so focused compared with ordinary light from a flashlight. The following Figure 1.5 provides a closer look at the tube where laser light is created. [SEP] The diagram in Figure 1.4 shows why a beam of laser light is
Waves of laser light are synchronized so the crests and troughs of the waves line up. The diagram in Figure 1.4 shows why a beam of laser light is so focused compared with ordinary light from a flashlight. The following Figure 1.5 provides a closer look at the tube where laser light is created. [SEP] focused compared with ordinary light from a flashlight .
Sounds or pictures are encoded in pulses of laser light, which are then sent through an optical fiber. All of the light reflects off the inside of the fiber, so none of it escapes. As a result, the signal remains strong even over long distances. [SEP] All of the light reflects off the inside of the fiber
Sounds or pictures are encoded in pulses of laser light, which are then sent through an optical fiber. All of the light reflects off the inside of the fiber, so none of it escapes. As a result, the signal remains strong even over long distances. [SEP] none of it escapes .
All of the light reflects off the inside of the fiber, so none of it escapes. As a result, the signal remains strong even over long distances. More than one signal can travel through an optical fiber at the same time, as you can see in the Figure Q: When lasers were invented in 1960, they were called "a solution looking for a problem. [SEP] of the light reflects off the inside of the fiber , so none of it escapes
All of the light reflects off the inside of the fiber, so none of it escapes. As a result, the signal remains strong even over long distances. More than one signal can travel through an optical fiber at the same time, as you can see in the Figure Q: When lasers were invented in 1960, they were called "a solution looking for a problem. [SEP] the signal remains strong even over long distances .
As a result, the signal remains strong even over long distances. More than one signal can travel through an optical fiber at the same time, as you can see in the Figure Q: When lasers were invented in 1960, they were called "a solution looking for a problem. Since then, they have been put to thousands of different uses. [SEP] you can see in the Figure Q : When lasers were invented in 1960 , they were called ``
As a result, the signal remains strong even over long distances. More than one signal can travel through an optical fiber at the same time, as you can see in the Figure Q: When lasers were invented in 1960, they were called "a solution looking for a problem. Since then, they have been put to thousands of different uses. [SEP] More than one signal can travel through an optical fiber at the same time
More than one signal can travel through an optical fiber at the same time, as you can see in the Figure Q: When lasers were invented in 1960, they were called "a solution looking for a problem. Since then, they have been put to thousands of different uses. Can you name other ways that lasers are used? [SEP] then , they have been put to thousands of different uses .
More than one signal can travel through an optical fiber at the same time, as you can see in the Figure Q: When lasers were invented in 1960, they were called "a solution looking for a problem. Since then, they have been put to thousands of different uses. Can you name other ways that lasers are used? [SEP] , as you can see in the Figure Q : When lasers were invented in 1960 , they were called `` a solution looking for a problem .
Just as Earth orbits the sun, the moon also orbits Earth. The moon is affected by Earths gravity more than it is by the gravity of the sun because the moon is much closer to Earth. The gravity between Earth and the moon pulls the moon toward Earth. [SEP] the moon is much closer to Earth .
Just as Earth orbits the sun, the moon also orbits Earth. The moon is affected by Earths gravity more than it is by the gravity of the sun because the moon is much closer to Earth. The gravity between Earth and the moon pulls the moon toward Earth. [SEP] The moon is affected by Earths gravity more than it is by the gravity of the sun
At the same time, the moon has forward velocity that partly counters the force of Earths gravity. So the moon orbits Earth instead of falling down to the surface of the planet. The Figure 1.2 shows the forces involved in the moons orbital motion around Earth. [SEP] At the same time , the moon has forward velocity that partly counters the force of Earths gravity
At the same time, the moon has forward velocity that partly counters the force of Earths gravity. So the moon orbits Earth instead of falling down to the surface of the planet. The Figure 1.2 shows the forces involved in the moons orbital motion around Earth. [SEP] the moon orbits Earth instead of falling down to the surface of the planet .
The Figure 1.2 shows the forces involved in the moons orbital motion around Earth. In the diagram, v represents the forward velocity of the moon, and a represents the acceleration due to gravity between Earth and the moon. The line encircling Earth shows the moons actual orbit, which results from the combination of v and a. [SEP] gravity between Earth and the moon
The Figure 1.2 shows the forces involved in the moons orbital motion around Earth. In the diagram, v represents the forward velocity of the moon, and a represents the acceleration due to gravity between Earth and the moon. The line encircling Earth shows the moons actual orbit, which results from the combination of v and a. [SEP] In the diagram , v represents the forward velocity of the moon , and a represents the acceleration
You can see the shape of Earths orbit in the Figure 1.1. Because of the suns relatively strong gravity, Earth and the other bodies constantly fall toward the sun, but they stay far enough away from the sun because of their forward velocity to fall around the sun instead of into it. As a result, they keep orbiting the sun and never crash to its surface. [SEP] Because of the suns relatively strong gravity , Earth and the other bodies constantly fall toward the sun , but they stay far enough away from the sun
You can see the shape of Earths orbit in the Figure 1.1. Because of the suns relatively strong gravity, Earth and the other bodies constantly fall toward the sun, but they stay far enough away from the sun because of their forward velocity to fall around the sun instead of into it. As a result, they keep orbiting the sun and never crash to its surface. [SEP] to fall around the sun instead of into it .
You can see the shape of Earths orbit in the Figure 1.1. Because of the suns relatively strong gravity, Earth and the other bodies constantly fall toward the sun, but they stay far enough away from the sun because of their forward velocity to fall around the sun instead of into it. As a result, they keep orbiting the sun and never crash to its surface. [SEP] the suns relatively strong gravity
You can see the shape of Earths orbit in the Figure 1.1. Because of the suns relatively strong gravity, Earth and the other bodies constantly fall toward the sun, but they stay far enough away from the sun because of their forward velocity to fall around the sun instead of into it. As a result, they keep orbiting the sun and never crash to its surface. [SEP] Earth and the other bodies constantly fall toward the sun , but they stay far enough away from the sun
Because of the suns relatively strong gravity, Earth and the other bodies constantly fall toward the sun, but they stay far enough away from the sun because of their forward velocity to fall around the sun instead of into it. As a result, they keep orbiting the sun and never crash to its surface. The motion of Earth and the other bodies around the sun is called orbital motion. [SEP] Because of the suns relatively strong gravity , Earth and the other bodies constantly fall toward the sun , but they stay far enough away from the sun because of their forward velocity to fall around the sun instead of into it
Because of the suns relatively strong gravity, Earth and the other bodies constantly fall toward the sun, but they stay far enough away from the sun because of their forward velocity to fall around the sun instead of into it. As a result, they keep orbiting the sun and never crash to its surface. The motion of Earth and the other bodies around the sun is called orbital motion. [SEP] they keep orbiting the sun and never crash to its surface .
The pH chart in the Figure lowers the pH of surface waters such as ponds and lakes. As a result, the water may become too acidic for fish and other water organisms to survive. Acid fog and acid rain killed the trees in this forest. [SEP] The pH chart in the Figure lowers the pH of surface waters such as ponds and lakes
The pH chart in the Figure lowers the pH of surface waters such as ponds and lakes. As a result, the water may become too acidic for fish and other water organisms to survive. Acid fog and acid rain killed the trees in this forest. [SEP] the water may become too acidic for fish and other water organisms to survive .
Even normal (clean) rain is somewhat acidic. Thats because carbon dioxide (CO2 ) in the air dissolves in raindrops, producing a weak acid called carbonic acid (H2 CO3 ), which has a pH of about 5.5. When rainwater soaks into the ground, it can slowly dissolve rocks, particularly those containing calcium carbonate. [SEP] carbon dioxide -LRB- CO2 -RRB- in the air dissolves in raindrops , producing a weak acid called carbonic acid -LRB- H2 CO3 -RRB- , which has a pH of about 5.5 .
Even normal (clean) rain is somewhat acidic. Thats because carbon dioxide (CO2 ) in the air dissolves in raindrops, producing a weak acid called carbonic acid (H2 CO3 ), which has a pH of about 5.5. When rainwater soaks into the ground, it can slowly dissolve rocks, particularly those containing calcium carbonate. [SEP] normal -LRB- clean -RRB- rain is somewhat acidic . Thats
A stronger acid produces more hydrogen ions than a weaker acid. For example, sulfuric acid (H2 SO4 ), which is found in car batteries, is a strong acid because nearly all of it breaks down into ions when it dissolves in water. On the other hand, acetic acid (CH3 CO2 H), which is the acid in vinegar, is a weak acid because less than 1 percent of it breaks down into ions in water. [SEP] nearly all of it breaks down into ions when it dissolves in water .
A stronger acid produces more hydrogen ions than a weaker acid. For example, sulfuric acid (H2 SO4 ), which is found in car batteries, is a strong acid because nearly all of it breaks down into ions when it dissolves in water. On the other hand, acetic acid (CH3 CO2 H), which is the acid in vinegar, is a weak acid because less than 1 percent of it breaks down into ions in water. [SEP] For example , sulfuric acid -LRB- H2 SO4 -RRB- , which is found in car batteries , is a strong acid
For example, sulfuric acid (H2 SO4 ), which is found in car batteries, is a strong acid because nearly all of it breaks down into ions when it dissolves in water. On the other hand, acetic acid (CH3 CO2 H), which is the acid in vinegar, is a weak acid because less than 1 percent of it breaks down into ions in water. The strength of a base depends on how many hydroxide ions it produces when it dissolves in water. [SEP] less than 1 percent of it breaks down into ions in water .
For example, sulfuric acid (H2 SO4 ), which is found in car batteries, is a strong acid because nearly all of it breaks down into ions when it dissolves in water. On the other hand, acetic acid (CH3 CO2 H), which is the acid in vinegar, is a weak acid because less than 1 percent of it breaks down into ions in water. The strength of a base depends on how many hydroxide ions it produces when it dissolves in water. [SEP] On the other hand , acetic acid -LRB- CH3 CO2 H -RRB- , which is the acid in vinegar , is a weak acid
A stronger base produces more hydroxide ions than a weaker base. For example, sodium hydroxide (NaOH), a base in drain cleaner, is a strong base because all of it breaks down into ions when it dissolves in water. Calcium carbonate (CaCO3 ), a base in antacids, is a weak base because only a small percentage of it breaks down into ions in water. [SEP] all of it breaks down into ions when it dissolves in water .
A stronger base produces more hydroxide ions than a weaker base. For example, sodium hydroxide (NaOH), a base in drain cleaner, is a strong base because all of it breaks down into ions when it dissolves in water. Calcium carbonate (CaCO3 ), a base in antacids, is a weak base because only a small percentage of it breaks down into ions in water. [SEP] For example , sodium hydroxide -LRB- NaOH -RRB- , a base in drain cleaner , is a strong base
For example, sodium hydroxide (NaOH), a base in drain cleaner, is a strong base because all of it breaks down into ions when it dissolves in water. Calcium carbonate (CaCO3 ), a base in antacids, is a weak base because only a small percentage of it breaks down into ions in water.  [SEP] only a small percentage of it breaks down into ions in water .
For example, sodium hydroxide (NaOH), a base in drain cleaner, is a strong base because all of it breaks down into ions when it dissolves in water. Calcium carbonate (CaCO3 ), a base in antacids, is a weak base because only a small percentage of it breaks down into ions in water.  [SEP] Calcium carbonate -LRB- CaCO3 -RRB- , a base in antacids , is a weak base
Bases have a pH greater than 7, and the strongest bases have a pH close to 14. Its important to realize that the pH scale is based on powers of ten. For example, a solution with a pH of 8 is 10 times more basic than a solution with a pH of 7, and a solution with a pH of 9 is 100 times more basic than a solution with a pH of 7. [SEP] powers of ten
Bases have a pH greater than 7, and the strongest bases have a pH close to 14. Its important to realize that the pH scale is based on powers of ten. For example, a solution with a pH of 8 is 10 times more basic than a solution with a pH of 7, and a solution with a pH of 9 is 100 times more basic than a solution with a pH of 7. [SEP] Its important to realize that the pH scale is
Most of the energy used by living things comes either directly or indirectly from the sun. Thats because sunlight provides the energy for photosynthesis. This is the process in which plants and certain other organisms synthesize glucose (C6 H12 O6 ). [SEP] sunlight provides the energy for photosynthesis .
Most of the energy used by living things comes either directly or indirectly from the sun. Thats because sunlight provides the energy for photosynthesis. This is the process in which plants and certain other organisms synthesize glucose (C6 H12 O6 ). [SEP] of the energy used by living things comes either directly or indirectly from the sun . Thats
In a position-time graph, the velocity of the moving object is represented by the slope, or steepness, of the graph line. If the graph line is horizontal, like the line after time = 5 seconds in Graph 2 in the Figure 1.2, then the slope is zero and so is the velocity. [SEP] the graph line is horizontal , like the line after time = 5 seconds in Graph 2 in the Figure 1.2
In a position-time graph, the velocity of the moving object is represented by the slope, or steepness, of the graph line. If the graph line is horizontal, like the line after time = 5 seconds in Graph 2 in the Figure 1.2, then the slope is zero and so is the velocity. [SEP] the slope is zero
If the graph line is horizontal, like the line after time = 5 seconds in Graph 2 in the Figure 1.2, then the slope is zero and so is the velocity. The position of the object is not changing. [SEP] If the graph line is horizontal , like the line after time = 5 seconds in Graph 2 in the Figure 1.2 , then the slope is zero
If the graph line is horizontal, like the line after time = 5 seconds in Graph 2 in the Figure 1.2, then the slope is zero and so is the velocity. The position of the object is not changing. [SEP] is the velocity .
 The diver has energy because of her position high above the pool. The type of energy she has is called potential energy. [SEP] The diver has energy
 The diver has energy because of her position high above the pool. The type of energy she has is called potential energy. [SEP] . The type of energy she has is called potential energy
Potential energy is energy that is stored in a person or object. Often, the person or object has potential energy because of its position or shape. Q: [SEP] its position or shape
Potential energy is energy that is stored in a person or object. Often, the person or object has potential energy because of its position or shape. Q: [SEP] Often , the person or object has potential energy
A : Because the diver is high above the water, she has the potential to fall toward Earth because of gravity. This gives her potential energy. [SEP] the diver is high above the water
A : Because the diver is high above the water, she has the potential to fall toward Earth because of gravity. This gives her potential energy. [SEP] she has the potential to fall toward Earth because of gravity .
A : Because the diver is high above the water, she has the potential to fall toward Earth because of gravity. This gives her potential energy. [SEP] gravity
A : Because the diver is high above the water, she has the potential to fall toward Earth because of gravity. This gives her potential energy. [SEP] she has the potential to fall toward Earth
 Potential energy due to the position of an object above Earths surface is called gravitational potential energy. Like the diver on the diving board, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. [SEP] the position of an object above Earths surface
 Potential energy due to the position of an object above Earths surface is called gravitational potential energy. Like the diver on the diving board, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. [SEP] is called gravitational potential energy .
Potential energy due to the position of an object above Earths surface is called gravitational potential energy. Like the diver on the diving board, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. You can see another example of people with gravitational potential energy in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] Like the diver on the diving board , anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall
Potential energy due to the position of an object above Earths surface is called gravitational potential energy. Like the diver on the diving board, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. You can see another example of people with gravitational potential energy in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] . You can see another example of people with gravitational potential energy in the Figure 1.1
She weighs 140 Newtons, and the top of the hill is 4 meters higher than the bottom of the hill. As she sits at the top of the hill, the childs gravitational potential energy is: GPE = 140 N   [SEP] she sits at the top of the hill , the childs gravitational potential energy is : GPE = 140
She weighs 140 Newtons, and the top of the hill is 4 meters higher than the bottom of the hill. As she sits at the top of the hill, the childs gravitational potential energy is: GPE = 140 N   [SEP] , and the top of the hill is 4 meters higher than the bottom of the hill .
For example, food and batteries both contain chemical energy. Nuclear energy is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that hold the nucleus together. Nuclei of radioactive elements such as uranium are unstable, so they break apart and release the stored energy. [SEP] Nuclear energy is stored in the nuclei of atoms
For example, food and batteries both contain chemical energy. Nuclear energy is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that hold the nucleus together. Nuclei of radioactive elements such as uranium are unstable, so they break apart and release the stored energy. [SEP] that hold the nucleus together .
Nuclear energy is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that hold the nucleus together. Nuclei of radioactive elements such as uranium are unstable, so they break apart and release the stored energy.  [SEP] Nuclei of radioactive elements such as uranium are unstable
Nuclear energy is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that hold the nucleus together. Nuclei of radioactive elements such as uranium are unstable, so they break apart and release the stored energy.  [SEP] they break apart and release the stored energy .
 Potential energy due to an objects shape is called elastic potential energy. This energy results when an elastic object is stretched or compressed. [SEP] an objects shape
 Potential energy due to an objects shape is called elastic potential energy. This energy results when an elastic object is stretched or compressed. [SEP] is called elastic potential energy .
Q: The girl in the Figure 1.3 is giving the elastic band of her slingshot potential energy by stretching it. Shes holding a small stone against the stretched band. [SEP] stretching it
Q: The girl in the Figure 1.3 is giving the elastic band of her slingshot potential energy by stretching it. Shes holding a small stone against the stretched band. [SEP] The girl in the Figure 1.3 is giving the elastic band of her slingshot potential energy
If the team of horses and the tractor do the same amount of work plowing a field, which will get the job done faster? A: The tractor will get the job done faster because it has more power. In fact, because the tractor has 30 times the power of the six-horse team, ideally it can do the same work 30 times faster! [SEP] it has more power .
If the team of horses and the tractor do the same amount of work plowing a field, which will get the job done faster? A: The tractor will get the job done faster because it has more power. In fact, because the tractor has 30 times the power of the six-horse team, ideally it can do the same work 30 times faster! [SEP] A : The tractor will get the job done faster
A: The tractor will get the job done faster because it has more power. In fact, because the tractor has 30 times the power of the six-horse team, ideally it can do the same work 30 times faster!  [SEP] the tractor has 30 times the power of the six-horse team
A: The tractor will get the job done faster because it has more power. In fact, because the tractor has 30 times the power of the six-horse team, ideally it can do the same work 30 times faster!  [SEP] ideally it can do the same work 30 times faster !
 You can also calculate work if you know power and time by rewriting the power equation above as: Work = Power  Time For example, if you use a 1000-watt microwave oven for 20 seconds, how much work does it do? [SEP] you know power and time by rewriting the power equation above as : Work = Power Time
 You can also calculate work if you know power and time by rewriting the power equation above as: Work = Power  Time For example, if you use a 1000-watt microwave oven for 20 seconds, how much work does it do? [SEP] You can also calculate work
 You can also calculate work if you know power and time by rewriting the power equation above as: Work = Power  Time For example, if you use a 1000-watt microwave oven for 20 seconds, how much work does it do? [SEP] rewriting the power equation above as
 You can also calculate work if you know power and time by rewriting the power equation above as: Work = Power  Time For example, if you use a 1000-watt microwave oven for 20 seconds, how much work does it do? [SEP] : Work = Power Time
 Power can be calculated using the formula above if the amount of work and time are known. For example, assume that a microwave oven does 24,000 joules of work in 30 seconds. [SEP] the amount of work and time are known .
 Power can be calculated using the formula above if the amount of work and time are known. For example, assume that a microwave oven does 24,000 joules of work in 30 seconds. [SEP] Power can be calculated using the formula above
A: The 1000-watt microwave oven has more power, so it will heat the same amount of food in less time.  [SEP] The 1000-watt microwave oven has more power
A: The 1000-watt microwave oven has more power, so it will heat the same amount of food in less time.  [SEP] it will heat the same amount of food in less time .
Power can be represented by the equation: Power = Work Time In this equation, work is measured in joules (J) and time is measured in seconds (s), so power is expressed in joules per second (J/s). This is the SI unit for power, also known as the watt (W). [SEP] , work is measured in joules -LRB- J -RRB- and time is measured in seconds -LRB- s -RRB-
Power can be represented by the equation: Power = Work Time In this equation, work is measured in joules (J) and time is measured in seconds (s), so power is expressed in joules per second (J/s). This is the SI unit for power, also known as the watt (W). [SEP] power is expressed in joules per second -LRB- J/s -RRB- .
A: The 60-watt bulb is more powerful, so it produces brighter light. Compared with a less powerful device, a more powerful device can either do more work in the same time or do the same work in less time. [SEP] The 60-watt bulb is more powerful
A: The 60-watt bulb is more powerful, so it produces brighter light. Compared with a less powerful device, a more powerful device can either do more work in the same time or do the same work in less time. [SEP] it produces brighter light .
This type of motion is called projectile motion. It occurs whenever an object curves down toward the ground because it has both a horizontal force and the downward force of gravity acting on it. Because of projectile motion, to hit the bulls eye of a target with an arrow, you actually have to aim for a spot above the bulls eye. [SEP] it has both a horizontal force and the downward force of gravity acting on it .
This type of motion is called projectile motion. It occurs whenever an object curves down toward the ground because it has both a horizontal force and the downward force of gravity acting on it. Because of projectile motion, to hit the bulls eye of a target with an arrow, you actually have to aim for a spot above the bulls eye. [SEP] It occurs whenever an object curves down toward the ground
It occurs whenever an object curves down toward the ground because it has both a horizontal force and the downward force of gravity acting on it. Because of projectile motion, to hit the bulls eye of a target with an arrow, you actually have to aim for a spot above the bulls eye. You can see in theFigure 1.2 what happens if you aim at the bulls eye instead of above it. [SEP] It occurs whenever an object curves down toward the ground because it has both a horizontal force and the downward force of gravity acting on it
It occurs whenever an object curves down toward the ground because it has both a horizontal force and the downward force of gravity acting on it. Because of projectile motion, to hit the bulls eye of a target with an arrow, you actually have to aim for a spot above the bulls eye. You can see in theFigure 1.2 what happens if you aim at the bulls eye instead of above it. [SEP] , to hit the bulls eye of a target with an arrow , you actually have to aim for a spot above the bulls eye .
Because of projectile motion, to hit the bulls eye of a target with an arrow, you actually have to aim for a spot above the bulls eye. You can see in theFigure 1.2 what happens if you aim at the bulls eye instead of above it.  [SEP] you aim at the bulls eye instead of above it .
Because of projectile motion, to hit the bulls eye of a target with an arrow, you actually have to aim for a spot above the bulls eye. You can see in theFigure 1.2 what happens if you aim at the bulls eye instead of above it.  [SEP] You can see in theFigure 1.2 what happens
Ionic compounds are compounds that contain positive metal ions and negative nonmetal ions held together by ionic bonds. (Ions are atoms that have become charged particles by gaining or losing electrons.) An example of an acid is hydrogen chloride (HCl). [SEP] gaining or losing electrons
Ionic compounds are compounds that contain positive metal ions and negative nonmetal ions held together by ionic bonds. (Ions are atoms that have become charged particles by gaining or losing electrons.) An example of an acid is hydrogen chloride (HCl). [SEP] Ions are atoms that have become charged particles
The pH value of a solution represents its concentration of hydrogen ions. A pH value of 7 indicates a neutral solution, and a pH value less than 7 indicates an acidic solution. The lower the pH value is, the greater is the concentration of hydrogen ions and the stronger the acid. [SEP] A pH value of 7
The pH value of a solution represents its concentration of hydrogen ions. A pH value of 7 indicates a neutral solution, and a pH value less than 7 indicates an acidic solution. The lower the pH value is, the greater is the concentration of hydrogen ions and the stronger the acid. [SEP] a neutral solution , and a pH value less than 7 indicates an acidic solution .
Acids have certain other properties as well. For example, acids can conduct electricity when dissolved in water because they consist of charged particles in solution. (Electric current is a flow of charged particles.) [SEP] they consist of charged particles in solution .
Acids have certain other properties as well. For example, acids can conduct electricity when dissolved in water because they consist of charged particles in solution. (Electric current is a flow of charged particles.) [SEP] For example , acids can conduct electricity when dissolved in water
 Certain compounds, called indicators, change color when acids come into contact with them, so indicators can be used to detect acids. An example of an indicator is the compound called litmus. [SEP] Certain compounds , called indicators , change color when acids come into contact with them
 Certain compounds, called indicators, change color when acids come into contact with them, so indicators can be used to detect acids. An example of an indicator is the compound called litmus. [SEP] indicators can be used to detect acids .
It is placed on small strips of paper that may be red or blue. If you place a few drops of acid on a strip of blue litmus paper, the paper will turn red. You can see this in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] you place a few drops of acid on a strip of blue litmus paper
It is placed on small strips of paper that may be red or blue. If you place a few drops of acid on a strip of blue litmus paper, the paper will turn red. You can see this in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] the paper will turn red .
You can see this in the Figure 1.2. Litmus isnt the only indicator for detecting acids. Red cabbage juice also works well, as you can see in this entertaining video. [SEP] detecting acids
You can see this in the Figure 1.2. Litmus isnt the only indicator for detecting acids. Red cabbage juice also works well, as you can see in this entertaining video. [SEP] Litmus isnt the only indicator
Litmus isnt the only indicator for detecting acids. Red cabbage juice also works well, as you can see in this entertaining video. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] you can see in this entertaining video .
Litmus isnt the only indicator for detecting acids. Red cabbage juice also works well, as you can see in this entertaining video. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] Red cabbage juice also works well
The strength of bases is measured on a scale called the pH scale, which ranges from 0 to 14. On this scale, a pH value of 7 indicates a neutral solution, and a pH value greater than 7 indicates a basic solution. The higher the pH value is, the stronger the base. [SEP] a pH value of 7
The strength of bases is measured on a scale called the pH scale, which ranges from 0 to 14. On this scale, a pH value of 7 indicates a neutral solution, and a pH value greater than 7 indicates a basic solution. The higher the pH value is, the stronger the base. [SEP] a neutral solution , and a pH value greater than 7 indicates a basic solution .
The strength of bases is measured on a scale called the pH scale, which ranges from 0 to 14. On this scale, a pH value of 7 indicates a neutral solution, and a pH value greater than 7 indicates a basic solution. The higher the pH value is, the stronger the base. [SEP] a neutral solution , and a pH value greater than 7
The strength of bases is measured on a scale called the pH scale, which ranges from 0 to 14. On this scale, a pH value of 7 indicates a neutral solution, and a pH value greater than 7 indicates a basic solution. The higher the pH value is, the stronger the base. [SEP] a basic solution
 Certain compounds, called indicators, change color when bases come into contact with them, so they can be used to detect bases. An example of an indicator is a compound called litmus. [SEP] Certain compounds , called indicators , change color when bases come into contact with them
 Certain compounds, called indicators, change color when bases come into contact with them, so they can be used to detect bases. An example of an indicator is a compound called litmus. [SEP] they can be used to detect bases .
It is placed on small strips of paper that may be red or blue. If you place a few drops of a base on a strip of red litmus paper, the paper will turn blue. You can see this in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] you place a few drops of a base on a strip of red litmus paper
It is placed on small strips of paper that may be red or blue. If you place a few drops of a base on a strip of red litmus paper, the paper will turn blue. You can see this in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] the paper will turn blue .
Litmus isnt the only detector of bases. Red cabbage juice can also detect bases, as you can see in this video. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] you can see in this video .
Litmus isnt the only detector of bases. Red cabbage juice can also detect bases, as you can see in this video. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] Red cabbage juice can also detect bases
An ionic com- pound contains positive metal ions and negative nonmetal ions held together by ionic bonds. (Ions are atoms that have become charged particles because they have either lost or gained electrons.) An example of a base is sodium hydroxide (NaOH). [SEP] they have either lost or gained electrons .
An ionic com- pound contains positive metal ions and negative nonmetal ions held together by ionic bonds. (Ions are atoms that have become charged particles because they have either lost or gained electrons.) An example of a base is sodium hydroxide (NaOH). [SEP] -LRB- Ions are atoms that have become charged particles
Thats because its a base. In addition, bases conduct electricity when dissolved in water because they consist of charged particles in solution. (Electric current is a flow of charged particles.) [SEP] they consist of charged particles in solution .
Thats because its a base. In addition, bases conduct electricity when dissolved in water because they consist of charged particles in solution. (Electric current is a flow of charged particles.) [SEP] In addition , bases conduct electricity when dissolved in water
The sun is about 150 million kilometers (93 million miles) from Earth, but it takes electromagnetic radiation only 8 minutes to reach Earth from the sun. If you could move that fast, you would be able to travel around Earth 7.5 times in just 1 second!  [SEP] you could move that fast
The sun is about 150 million kilometers (93 million miles) from Earth, but it takes electromagnetic radiation only 8 minutes to reach Earth from the sun. If you could move that fast, you would be able to travel around Earth 7.5 times in just 1 second!  [SEP] you would be able to travel around Earth 7.5 times in just 1 second !
The speed of a wave is a product of its wavelength and frequency. Because all electromagnetic waves travel at the same speed through space, a wave with a shorter wavelength must have a higher frequency, and vice versa. This relationship is represented by the equation: Speed = Wavelength   [SEP] all electromagnetic waves travel at the same speed through space
The speed of a wave is a product of its wavelength and frequency. Because all electromagnetic waves travel at the same speed through space, a wave with a shorter wavelength must have a higher frequency, and vice versa. This relationship is represented by the equation: Speed = Wavelength   [SEP] a wave with a shorter wavelength must have a higher frequency , and vice versa .
Frequency Therefore, if either wavelength or frequency is known, the missing value can be calculated. Consider an electromag- netic wave that has a wavelength of 3 meters. [SEP] either wavelength or frequency is known
Frequency Therefore, if either wavelength or frequency is known, the missing value can be calculated. Consider an electromag- netic wave that has a wavelength of 3 meters. [SEP] the missing value can be calculated .
Its speed, like the speed of all electromagnetic waves, is 3.0  108 meters per second. Its frequency can be found by substituting these values into the frequency equation: Frequency = [SEP] substituting these values into the frequency equation
Its speed, like the speed of all electromagnetic waves, is 3.0  108 meters per second. Its frequency can be found by substituting these values into the frequency equation: Frequency = [SEP] Its frequency can be found
A: X rays are harmful but visible light is harmless, so you can infer that X rays have higher frequencies than visible light.  [SEP] X rays are harmful but visible light is harmless
A: X rays are harmful but visible light is harmless, so you can infer that X rays have higher frequencies than visible light.  [SEP] you can infer that X rays have higher frequencies than visible light .
A protein molecule is made from one or more long chains of amino acids, each linked to its neighbors by covalent bonds. If a protein has more than one chain, the chains are held together by weaker bonds, such as hydrogen bonds. The sequence of amino acids in chains and the number of chains in a protein determine the proteins shape. [SEP] a protein has more than one chain
A protein molecule is made from one or more long chains of amino acids, each linked to its neighbors by covalent bonds. If a protein has more than one chain, the chains are held together by weaker bonds, such as hydrogen bonds. The sequence of amino acids in chains and the number of chains in a protein determine the proteins shape. [SEP] the chains are held together by weaker bonds , such as hydrogen bonds .
Protons are made of fundamental particles called quarks and gluons. As you can see in the Figure 1.1, a proton contains three quarks (colored circles) and three streams of gluons (wavy white lines). Two of the quarks are called up quarks (u), and the third quark is called a down quark (d). [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.1 , a proton contains three quarks -LRB- colored circles -RRB- and three streams of gluons -LRB- wavy white lines -RRB- .
Protons are made of fundamental particles called quarks and gluons. As you can see in the Figure 1.1, a proton contains three quarks (colored circles) and three streams of gluons (wavy white lines). Two of the quarks are called up quarks (u), and the third quark is called a down quark (d). [SEP] Protons are made of fundamental particles called quarks and gluons .
Q: How do you think the sun is related to protons? A: The suns tremendous energy is the result of proton interactions. In the sun, as well as in other stars, protons from hydrogen atoms combine, or fuse, to form nuclei of helium atoms. [SEP] proton interactions
Q: How do you think the sun is related to protons? A: The suns tremendous energy is the result of proton interactions. In the sun, as well as in other stars, protons from hydrogen atoms combine, or fuse, to form nuclei of helium atoms. [SEP] The suns tremendous energy
The ideal mechanical advantage of a machine is its mechanical advantage in the absence of friction. All machines must overcome friction, so the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine as it is used in the real world. In a pulley, the ideal mechanical advantage is equal to the number of rope segments pulling up on the object. [SEP] All machines must overcome friction
The ideal mechanical advantage of a machine is its mechanical advantage in the absence of friction. All machines must overcome friction, so the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine as it is used in the real world. In a pulley, the ideal mechanical advantage is equal to the number of rope segments pulling up on the object. [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine as it is used in the real world .
The ideal mechanical advantage of a machine is its mechanical advantage in the absence of friction. All machines must overcome friction, so the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine as it is used in the real world. In a pulley, the ideal mechanical advantage is equal to the number of rope segments pulling up on the object. [SEP] it is used in the real world .
The ideal mechanical advantage of a machine is its mechanical advantage in the absence of friction. All machines must overcome friction, so the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine as it is used in the real world. In a pulley, the ideal mechanical advantage is equal to the number of rope segments pulling up on the object. [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is always somewhat greater than the actual mechanical advantage of the machine
It gives the ideal mechanical advantage of each type. In the single fixed pulley, only one rope segment pulls up on the load, so the ideal mechanical advantage is 1. In other words, this type of pulley doesnt increase the force that is applied to it. [SEP] , only one rope segment pulls up on the load
It gives the ideal mechanical advantage of each type. In the single fixed pulley, only one rope segment pulls up on the load, so the ideal mechanical advantage is 1. In other words, this type of pulley doesnt increase the force that is applied to it. [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is 1 .
This allows you to use your weight to pull on one end of the rope and more easily raise the load attached to the other end. In the single moveable pulley, two rope segments pull up on the load, so the ideal mechanical advantage is 2. This type of pulley doesnt change the direction of the force applied to it, but it increases the force by a factor of 2. [SEP] , two rope segments pull up on the load
This allows you to use your weight to pull on one end of the rope and more easily raise the load attached to the other end. In the single moveable pulley, two rope segments pull up on the load, so the ideal mechanical advantage is 2. This type of pulley doesnt change the direction of the force applied to it, but it increases the force by a factor of 2. [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is 2 .
This type of pulley doesnt change the direction of the force applied to it, but it increases the force by a factor of 2. In a compound pulley, two or more rope segments pull up on the load, so the ideal mechanical advantage is 2 or greater than 2. This type of pulley may or may not change the direction of the force applied to itit [SEP] In a compound pulley , two or more rope segments pull up on the load
This type of pulley doesnt change the direction of the force applied to it, but it increases the force by a factor of 2. In a compound pulley, two or more rope segments pull up on the load, so the ideal mechanical advantage is 2 or greater than 2. This type of pulley may or may not change the direction of the force applied to itit [SEP] the ideal mechanical advantage is 2 or greater than 2 .
This means that the compound pulley multiplies the force applied to it by a factor of 4. For example if 400 Newtons of force were applied to the pulley, the pulley would apply 1600 Newtons of force to the load.  [SEP] 400 Newtons of force were applied to the pulley
This means that the compound pulley multiplies the force applied to it by a factor of 4. For example if 400 Newtons of force were applied to the pulley, the pulley would apply 1600 Newtons of force to the load.  [SEP] the pulley would apply 1600 Newtons of force to the load .
AM stands for amplitude modulation. In AM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the am- plitude, or maximum height, of radio waves. AM broadcasts use longer wavelength radio waves than FM broadcasts. [SEP] changing the am - plitude , or maximum height , of radio waves
AM stands for amplitude modulation. In AM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the am- plitude, or maximum height, of radio waves. AM broadcasts use longer wavelength radio waves than FM broadcasts. [SEP] In AM broadcasts , sound signals are encoded
AM broadcasts use longer wavelength radio waves than FM broadcasts. Because of their longer wavelengths, AM waves reflect off a layer of the upper atmosphere called the ionosphere. You can see how this happens in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] AM broadcasts use longer wavelength radio waves than FM broadcasts
AM broadcasts use longer wavelength radio waves than FM broadcasts. Because of their longer wavelengths, AM waves reflect off a layer of the upper atmosphere called the ionosphere. You can see how this happens in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] , AM waves reflect off a layer of the upper atmosphere called the ionosphere .
You can see how this happens in the Figure 1.2. Because the waves are reflected, they can reach radio receivers that are very far away from the radio tower. FM stands for frequency modulation. [SEP] the waves are reflected
You can see how this happens in the Figure 1.2. Because the waves are reflected, they can reach radio receivers that are very far away from the radio tower. FM stands for frequency modulation. [SEP] they can reach radio receivers that are very far away from the radio tower .
FM stands for frequency modulation. In FM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the frequency of radio waves. Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually produce clearer sounds than AM broadcasts. [SEP] changing the frequency of radio waves
FM stands for frequency modulation. In FM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the frequency of radio waves. Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually produce clearer sounds than AM broadcasts. [SEP] In FM broadcasts , sound signals are encoded
In FM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the frequency of radio waves. Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually produce clearer sounds than AM broadcasts. However, the relatively short wavelengths of FM waves means that they dont reflect off the ionosphere as AM waves do. [SEP] Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation
In FM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the frequency of radio waves. Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually produce clearer sounds than AM broadcasts. However, the relatively short wavelengths of FM waves means that they dont reflect off the ionosphere as AM waves do. [SEP] FM broadcasts usually produce clearer sounds than AM broadcasts .
Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually produce clearer sounds than AM broadcasts. However, the relatively short wavelengths of FM waves means that they dont reflect off the ionosphere as AM waves do. Instead, FM waves pass through the ionosphere and out into space. [SEP] AM waves do .
Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually produce clearer sounds than AM broadcasts. However, the relatively short wavelengths of FM waves means that they dont reflect off the ionosphere as AM waves do. Instead, FM waves pass through the ionosphere and out into space. [SEP] However , the relatively short wavelengths of FM waves means that they dont reflect off the ionosphere
This is also shown in the Figure 1.2. As a result, FM waves cannot reach very distant receivers. Q: [SEP] This is also shown in the Figure 1.2
This is also shown in the Figure 1.2. As a result, FM waves cannot reach very distant receivers. Q: [SEP] FM waves can not reach very distant receivers .
Q: Based on the electromagnetic spectrum Figure 1.1, what is the range of frequencies of radio waves? A: [SEP] the electromagnetic spectrum Figure 1.1
Q: Based on the electromagnetic spectrum Figure 1.1, what is the range of frequencies of radio waves? A: [SEP] what is the range of frequencies of radio
Radioactive atoms have unstable nuclei, and when the nuclei emit radiation, they become more stable. Radioactive decay is a nuclearrather than chemicalreaction because it involves only the nuclei of atoms. In a nuclear reaction, one element may change into another. [SEP] it involves only the nuclei of atoms .
Radioactive atoms have unstable nuclei, and when the nuclei emit radiation, they become more stable. Radioactive decay is a nuclearrather than chemicalreaction because it involves only the nuclei of atoms. In a nuclear reaction, one element may change into another. [SEP] Radioactive decay is a nuclearrather than chemicalreaction
The charged particles and energy emitted during radioactive decay can harm living things, but the three types of radioactive decay arent equally dangerous. Thats because they differ in how far they can travel and what they can penetrate. You can see this in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] they differ in how far they can travel and what they can penetrate .
The charged particles and energy emitted during radioactive decay can harm living things, but the three types of radioactive decay arent equally dangerous. Thats because they differ in how far they can travel and what they can penetrate. You can see this in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] The charged particles and energy emitted during radioactive decay can harm living things , but the three types of radioactive decay arent equally dangerous . Thats
In beta decay, the nucleus either loses a proton or gains a proton. In gamma decay, no change in proton number occurs, so the atom does not become a different element. Q: [SEP] , no change in proton number occurs
In beta decay, the nucleus either loses a proton or gains a proton. In gamma decay, no change in proton number occurs, so the atom does not become a different element. Q: [SEP] the atom does not become a different element .
If the radioactive element polonium (Po) undergoes alpha decay, what element does it become? A: From the periodic table, the atomic number of polonium is 84, so it has 84 protons. If it loses two protons through alpha decay, it will have 82 protons. [SEP] : From the periodic table , the atomic number of polonium is 84
If the radioactive element polonium (Po) undergoes alpha decay, what element does it become? A: From the periodic table, the atomic number of polonium is 84, so it has 84 protons. If it loses two protons through alpha decay, it will have 82 protons. [SEP] it has 84 protons .
A: From the periodic table, the atomic number of polonium is 84, so it has 84 protons. If it loses two protons through alpha decay, it will have 82 protons. Atoms with 82 protons are the element lead (Pb). [SEP] it loses two protons through alpha decay
A: From the periodic table, the atomic number of polonium is 84, so it has 84 protons. If it loses two protons through alpha decay, it will have 82 protons. Atoms with 82 protons are the element lead (Pb). [SEP] it will have 82 protons .
Becquerel was experimenting with uranium, which was known to glow after being exposed to sunlight. Becquerel wanted to see if the glow was caused by rays of energy, like rays of light or X-rays. He placed a bit of uranium on a photographic plate after exposing the uranium to sunlight. [SEP] the glow was caused by rays of energy , like rays of light or X-rays .
Becquerel was experimenting with uranium, which was known to glow after being exposed to sunlight. Becquerel wanted to see if the glow was caused by rays of energy, like rays of light or X-rays. He placed a bit of uranium on a photographic plate after exposing the uranium to sunlight. [SEP] Becquerel wanted to see
This meant that uranium gives off rays after being exposed to sunlight. Becquerel was a good scientist, so he wanted to repeat his experiment to confirm his results. He placed more uranium on another photographic plate. [SEP] Becquerel was a good scientist
This meant that uranium gives off rays after being exposed to sunlight. Becquerel was a good scientist, so he wanted to repeat his experiment to confirm his results. He placed more uranium on another photographic plate. [SEP] he wanted to repeat his experiment to confirm his results .
He placed more uranium on another photographic plate. However, the day had turned cloudy, so he tucked the plate and uranium in a drawer to try again another day. He wasnt expecting the uranium to leave an image on the plate without first being exposed to sunlight. [SEP] However , the day had turned cloudy
He placed more uranium on another photographic plate. However, the day had turned cloudy, so he tucked the plate and uranium in a drawer to try again another day. He wasnt expecting the uranium to leave an image on the plate without first being exposed to sunlight. [SEP] he tucked the plate and uranium in a drawer to try again another day .
Only unstable nuclei emit radiation. They are unstable because they have too much energy, too many protons, or an unstable ratio of protons to neutrons. For example, all elements with more than 83 protonssuch as uranium, radium, and poloniumhave unstable nuclei. [SEP] they have too much energy , too many protons , or an unstable ratio of protons to neutrons .
Only unstable nuclei emit radiation. They are unstable because they have too much energy, too many protons, or an unstable ratio of protons to neutrons. For example, all elements with more than 83 protonssuch as uranium, radium, and poloniumhave unstable nuclei. [SEP] They are unstable
For an atom of one element to change into a different element, the number of protons in its nucleus must change. Thats because each element has a unique number of protons. For example, lead atoms always have 82 protons, and gold atoms always have 79 protons. [SEP] each element has a unique number of protons .
For an atom of one element to change into a different element, the number of protons in its nucleus must change. Thats because each element has a unique number of protons. For example, lead atoms always have 82 protons, and gold atoms always have 79 protons. [SEP] an atom of one element to change into a different element , the number of protons in its nucleus must change . Thats
These isotopes are called radioisotopes. Their nuclei are unstable, so they break down, or decay, and emit radiation. Q: [SEP] Their nuclei are unstable
These isotopes are called radioisotopes. Their nuclei are unstable, so they break down, or decay, and emit radiation. Q: [SEP] they break down , or decay , and emit radiation .
What makes the nucleus of a radioisotope unstable? A: The nucleus may be unstable because it has too many protons or an unstable ratio of protons to neutrons. For a nucleus with a small number of protons to be stable, the ratio of protons to neutrons should be 1:1. [SEP] it has too many protons or an unstable ratio of protons to neutrons .
What makes the nucleus of a radioisotope unstable? A: The nucleus may be unstable because it has too many protons or an unstable ratio of protons to neutrons. For a nucleus with a small number of protons to be stable, the ratio of protons to neutrons should be 1:1. [SEP] A : The nucleus may be unstable
These carbon atoms are called carbon-12, where 12 is the number of protons (6) plus neutrons (6). This gives carbon-12 nuclei a 1:1 ratio of protons to neutrons, so carbon-12 nuclei are stable. Some carbon atoms have more than 6 neutrons, either 7 or 8. [SEP] This gives carbon-12 nuclei a 1:1 ratio of protons to neutrons
These carbon atoms are called carbon-12, where 12 is the number of protons (6) plus neutrons (6). This gives carbon-12 nuclei a 1:1 ratio of protons to neutrons, so carbon-12 nuclei are stable. Some carbon atoms have more than 6 neutrons, either 7 or 8. [SEP] carbon-12 nuclei are stable .
Carbon atoms with 8 neutrons are called carbon-14 (6 protons + 8 neutrons). The nuclei of carbon-14 atoms are unstable because they have too many neutrons relative to protons, so they gradually decay. Q: What is the proton-to-neutron ratio of carbon-14 nuclei? [SEP] The nuclei of carbon-14 atoms are unstable because they have too many neutrons relative to protons
Carbon atoms with 8 neutrons are called carbon-14 (6 protons + 8 neutrons). The nuclei of carbon-14 atoms are unstable because they have too many neutrons relative to protons, so they gradually decay. Q: What is the proton-to-neutron ratio of carbon-14 nuclei? [SEP] they gradually decay .
Carbon atoms with 8 neutrons are called carbon-14 (6 protons + 8 neutrons). The nuclei of carbon-14 atoms are unstable because they have too many neutrons relative to protons, so they gradually decay. Q: What is the proton-to-neutron ratio of carbon-14 nuclei? [SEP] they have too many neutrons relative to protons
Carbon atoms with 8 neutrons are called carbon-14 (6 protons + 8 neutrons). The nuclei of carbon-14 atoms are unstable because they have too many neutrons relative to protons, so they gradually decay. Q: What is the proton-to-neutron ratio of carbon-14 nuclei? [SEP] The nuclei of carbon-14 atoms are unstable
The reactants and products in a chemical reaction contain the same atoms, but they are rearranged during the reaction. As a result, the atoms end up in different combinations in the products. This makes the products new substances that are chemically different from the reactants. [SEP] The reactants and products in a chemical reaction contain the same atoms , but they are rearranged during the reaction
The reactants and products in a chemical reaction contain the same atoms, but they are rearranged during the reaction. As a result, the atoms end up in different combinations in the products. This makes the products new substances that are chemically different from the reactants. [SEP] the atoms end up in different combinations in the products .
Adding acid to milk produces solid curds of cottage cheese. Q: Did you ever make a volcano by pouring vinegar over a mountain of baking soda? If you did, you probably saw the mixture bubble up and foam over. [SEP] pouring vinegar
Adding acid to milk produces solid curds of cottage cheese. Q: Did you ever make a volcano by pouring vinegar over a mountain of baking soda? If you did, you probably saw the mixture bubble up and foam over. [SEP] you ever make a volcano
Q: Did you ever make a volcano by pouring vinegar over a mountain of baking soda? If you did, you probably saw the mixture bubble up and foam over. Did a chemical reaction occur? [SEP] you did
Q: Did you ever make a volcano by pouring vinegar over a mountain of baking soda? If you did, you probably saw the mixture bubble up and foam over. Did a chemical reaction occur? [SEP] you probably saw the mixture bubble up and foam over .
Yes, a chemical reaction occurred. You know because the bubbles are evidence that a gas has been produced and production of a gas is a sign of a chemical reaction.  [SEP] the bubbles are evidence that a gas has been produced and production of a gas is a sign of a chemical reaction .
Yes, a chemical reaction occurred. You know because the bubbles are evidence that a gas has been produced and production of a gas is a sign of a chemical reaction.  [SEP] You know
In this reaction, a potassium ion replaces one of the hydrogen atoms in each molecule of water. Potassium is a highly reactive group 1 alkali metal, so its reaction with water is explosive. Q [SEP] Potassium is a highly reactive group 1 alkali metal
In this reaction, a potassium ion replaces one of the hydrogen atoms in each molecule of water. Potassium is a highly reactive group 1 alkali metal, so its reaction with water is explosive. Q [SEP] its reaction with water is explosive .
In an ionic compound, the positive metal ion is always written first, followed by the negative nonmetal ion. Therefore, A and C must always come first, followed by D or B. An example of a double replacement reaction is sodium chloride (NaCl) reacting with silver fluoride (AgF). [SEP] In an ionic compound , the positive metal ion is always written first , followed by the negative nonmetal ion
In an ionic compound, the positive metal ion is always written first, followed by the negative nonmetal ion. Therefore, A and C must always come first, followed by D or B. An example of a double replacement reaction is sodium chloride (NaCl) reacting with silver fluoride (AgF). [SEP] A and C must always come first , followed by D or
This reaction is represented by the equation: NaCl + AgF  NaF + AgCl During the reaction, chloride and fluoride ions change places, so two new compounds are formed in the products: sodium fluoride (NaF) and silver chloride (AgCl). Q: [SEP] , chloride and fluoride ions change places
This reaction is represented by the equation: NaCl + AgF  NaF + AgCl During the reaction, chloride and fluoride ions change places, so two new compounds are formed in the products: sodium fluoride (NaF) and silver chloride (AgCl). Q: [SEP] two new compounds are formed in the products : sodium fluoride -LRB- NaF -RRB- and silver chloride -LRB- AgCl -RRB- .
He decided to aim a beam of alpha particles at a sheet of very thin gold foil. He chose gold because it can be pounded into sheets that are only 0.00004 cm thick. Surrounding the sheet of gold foil, he placed a screen that glowed when alpha particles struck it. [SEP] it can be pounded into sheets that are only 0.00004 cm thick .
He decided to aim a beam of alpha particles at a sheet of very thin gold foil. He chose gold because it can be pounded into sheets that are only 0.00004 cm thick. Surrounding the sheet of gold foil, he placed a screen that glowed when alpha particles struck it. [SEP] He chose gold
He chose gold because it can be pounded into sheets that are only 0.00004 cm thick. Surrounding the sheet of gold foil, he placed a screen that glowed when alpha particles struck it. It would be used to detect the alpha particles after they passed through the foil. [SEP] Surrounding the sheet of gold foil
He chose gold because it can be pounded into sheets that are only 0.00004 cm thick. Surrounding the sheet of gold foil, he placed a screen that glowed when alpha particles struck it. It would be used to detect the alpha particles after they passed through the foil. [SEP] he placed a screen that glowed when alpha particles struck it .
A: The alpha particles would penetrate the gold foil. Alpha particles are positive, so they might be repelled by any areas of positive charge inside the gold atoms. Assuming a plum pudding model of the atom, Rutherford predicted that the areas of positive charge in the gold atoms would deflect, or bend, the path of all the alpha particles as they passed through. [SEP] Alpha particles are positive
A: The alpha particles would penetrate the gold foil. Alpha particles are positive, so they might be repelled by any areas of positive charge inside the gold atoms. Assuming a plum pudding model of the atom, Rutherford predicted that the areas of positive charge in the gold atoms would deflect, or bend, the path of all the alpha particles as they passed through. [SEP] they might be repelled by any areas of positive charge inside the gold atoms .
Alpha particles are positive, so they might be repelled by any areas of positive charge inside the gold atoms. Assuming a plum pudding model of the atom, Rutherford predicted that the areas of positive charge in the gold atoms would deflect, or bend, the path of all the alpha particles as they passed through. You can see what really happened in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] Assuming a plum pudding model of the atom
Alpha particles are positive, so they might be repelled by any areas of positive charge inside the gold atoms. Assuming a plum pudding model of the atom, Rutherford predicted that the areas of positive charge in the gold atoms would deflect, or bend, the path of all the alpha particles as they passed through. You can see what really happened in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] Rutherford predicted that the areas of positive charge in the gold atoms would deflect , or bend , the path of all the alpha particles as they passed through .
Alpha particles are positive, so they might be repelled by any areas of positive charge inside the gold atoms. Assuming a plum pudding model of the atom, Rutherford predicted that the areas of positive charge in the gold atoms would deflect, or bend, the path of all the alpha particles as they passed through. You can see what really happened in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] they passed through .
Alpha particles are positive, so they might be repelled by any areas of positive charge inside the gold atoms. Assuming a plum pudding model of the atom, Rutherford predicted that the areas of positive charge in the gold atoms would deflect, or bend, the path of all the alpha particles as they passed through. You can see what really happened in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] Rutherford predicted that the areas of positive charge in the gold atoms would deflect , or bend , the path of all the alpha particles
The particles seemed to be passing through empty space. Only a few of the alpha particles were deflected from their straight path, as Rutherford had predicted. Surprisingly, a tiny percentage of the particles bounced back from the foil like a basketball bouncing off a backboard! [SEP] Rutherford had predicted .
The particles seemed to be passing through empty space. Only a few of the alpha particles were deflected from their straight path, as Rutherford had predicted. Surprisingly, a tiny percentage of the particles bounced back from the foil like a basketball bouncing off a backboard! [SEP] Only a few of the alpha particles were deflected from their straight path
It was first subatomic particle to be identified. Because atoms are neutral in electric charge, Thomson assumed that atoms must also contain areas of positive charge to cancel out the negatively charged electrons. He thought that an atom was like a plum pudding, consisting mostly of positively charged matter with negative electrons scattered through it. [SEP] atoms are neutral in electric charge
It was first subatomic particle to be identified. Because atoms are neutral in electric charge, Thomson assumed that atoms must also contain areas of positive charge to cancel out the negatively charged electrons. He thought that an atom was like a plum pudding, consisting mostly of positively charged matter with negative electrons scattered through it. [SEP] Thomson assumed that atoms must also contain areas of positive charge to cancel out the negatively charged electrons .
It was discovered in 1911 by a scientist from New Zealand named Ernest Rutherford, who is pictured in Figure 1.1. Through his clever research, Rutherford showed that the positive charge of an atom is confined to a tiny massive region at the center of the atom, rather than being spread evenly throughout the pudding of the atom as Thomson had suggested.  [SEP] Thomson had suggested .
It was discovered in 1911 by a scientist from New Zealand named Ernest Rutherford, who is pictured in Figure 1.1. Through his clever research, Rutherford showed that the positive charge of an atom is confined to a tiny massive region at the center of the atom, rather than being spread evenly throughout the pudding of the atom as Thomson had suggested.  [SEP] Through his clever research , Rutherford showed that the positive charge of an atom is confined to a tiny massive region at the center of the atom , rather than being spread evenly throughout the pudding of the atom
 Structural formulas are often used to represent hydrocarbon compounds because the molecules can have different shapes and a structural formula shows how the atoms are arranged. Hydrocarbons may form straight chains, A) [SEP] the molecules can have different shapes and a structural formula shows how the atoms are arranged .
 Structural formulas are often used to represent hydrocarbon compounds because the molecules can have different shapes and a structural formula shows how the atoms are arranged. Hydrocarbons may form straight chains, A) [SEP] Structural formulas are often used to represent hydrocarbon compounds
What properties might larger alkanes have? A: Alkanes with more carbon atoms have higher boiling and melting points, so some of them are solids at room temperature.  [SEP] A : Alkanes with more carbon atoms have higher boiling and melting points
What properties might larger alkanes have? A: Alkanes with more carbon atoms have higher boiling and melting points, so some of them are solids at room temperature.  [SEP] some of them are solids at room temperature .
They are the simplest class of hydrocarbons. They are called saturated because each carbon atom is bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. In other words, the carbon atoms are saturated with hydrogen. [SEP] each carbon atom is bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible .
They are the simplest class of hydrocarbons. They are called saturated because each carbon atom is bonded to as many hydrogen atoms as possible. In other words, the carbon atoms are saturated with hydrogen. [SEP] They are called saturated
Q: Based on the line graph above, describe the trend in tornado numbers by month throughout the course of a year. A: The number of tornadoes rises rapidly from a low in January to a peak in April. [SEP] the line graph
Q: Based on the line graph above, describe the trend in tornado numbers by month throughout the course of a year. A: The number of tornadoes rises rapidly from a low in January to a peak in April. [SEP] describe the trend in tornado numbers by month throughout the course of a year .
Petersburg, FL Houston, TX Tulsa, OK New Orleans, LA Melbourne, FL Indianapolis, IN Fort Worth, TX Lubbock, TX Average Number of Tornadoes(per 1000 Square Miles) 7.4 2.2 2.1 2.1 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.7 1.7 1.6 Bar graphs are especially useful for comparing values for different things, such as the average numbers of tornadoes for different cities. Therefore, a bar graph is a good choice for displaying the data in theTable 1.1. [SEP] comparing values for different things , such as the average numbers of tornadoes for different cities
Petersburg, FL Houston, TX Tulsa, OK New Orleans, LA Melbourne, FL Indianapolis, IN Fort Worth, TX Lubbock, TX Average Number of Tornadoes(per 1000 Square Miles) 7.4 2.2 2.1 2.1 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.7 1.7 1.6 Bar graphs are especially useful for comparing values for different things, such as the average numbers of tornadoes for different cities. Therefore, a bar graph is a good choice for displaying the data in theTable 1.1. [SEP] 7.4 2.2 2.1 2.1 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.7 1.7 1.6 Bar graphs are especially useful
7.4 2.2 2.1 2.1 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.7 1.7 1.6 Bar graphs are especially useful for comparing values for different things, such as the average numbers of tornadoes for different cities. Therefore, a bar graph is a good choice for displaying the data in theTable 1.1. The bar graph below shows one way that these data could be presented. [SEP] 1.7 1.6 Bar graphs are especially useful for comparing values for different things , such as the average numbers of tornadoes for different cities
7.4 2.2 2.1 2.1 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.7 1.7 1.6 Bar graphs are especially useful for comparing values for different things, such as the average numbers of tornadoes for different cities. Therefore, a bar graph is a good choice for displaying the data in theTable 1.1. The bar graph below shows one way that these data could be presented. [SEP] a bar graph is a good choice for displaying the data in theTable 1.1 .
2.6% 0.7% 0.1% Circle graphs are used to show percents (or fractions) of a whole, such as the percents of F0 to F5 tornadoes out of all tornadoes. Therefore, a circle graph is a good choice for the data in the table. The circle graph below displays these data. [SEP] % Circle graphs are used to show percents -LRB- or fractions -RRB- of a whole , such as the percents of F0 to F5 tornadoes out of all tornadoes
2.6% 0.7% 0.1% Circle graphs are used to show percents (or fractions) of a whole, such as the percents of F0 to F5 tornadoes out of all tornadoes. Therefore, a circle graph is a good choice for the data in the table. The circle graph below displays these data. [SEP] a circle graph is a good choice for the data in the table .
Three commonly used types of graphs are bar graphs, circle graphs, and line graphs. Each type of graph is suitable for showing a different type of data.  [SEP] showing a different type of data
Three commonly used types of graphs are bar graphs, circle graphs, and line graphs. Each type of graph is suitable for showing a different type of data.  [SEP] Each type of graph is suitable
To be useful, a model must closely represent the real thing in important ways, but it must be simpler and easier to understand than the real thing. Q: What might be examples of things that would be modeled in physical science because they are difficult to investigate directly? A: Examples include extremely small things such as atoms, very distant objects such as stars, and complex systems such as the electric grid that carries electricity throughout the country. [SEP] they are difficult to investigate directly ?
To be useful, a model must closely represent the real thing in important ways, but it must be simpler and easier to understand than the real thing. Q: What might be examples of things that would be modeled in physical science because they are difficult to investigate directly? A: Examples include extremely small things such as atoms, very distant objects such as stars, and complex systems such as the electric grid that carries electricity throughout the country. [SEP] Q : What might be examples of things that would be modeled in physical science
Physics can help you understand just about everything in the world around you. Thats because everything around you consists of matter and energy. Several examples of matter and energy interacting are pictured in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] everything around you consists of matter and energy .
Physics can help you understand just about everything in the world around you. Thats because everything around you consists of matter and energy. Several examples of matter and energy interacting are pictured in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] can help you understand just about everything in the world around you . Thats
Q: Based on the examples in Figure 1.1, what might be other examples of energy and matter interacting? A: Like the strings of cello, anything that vibrates produces waves of energy that travel through matter. [SEP] the examples in Figure 1.1
Q: Based on the examples in Figure 1.1, what might be other examples of energy and matter interacting? A: Like the strings of cello, anything that vibrates produces waves of energy that travel through matter. [SEP] what might be other examples of energy and matter interacting ?
For example, fireflies use chemicals to produce light energy. Like a moving tennis racket, anything that moves has energy because it is moving, including your eyes as they read this sentence.  [SEP] it is moving
For example, fireflies use chemicals to produce light energy. Like a moving tennis racket, anything that moves has energy because it is moving, including your eyes as they read this sentence.  [SEP] including your eyes as they read this
Physics is the study of energy, matter, and their interactions. Its a very broad field because it is concerned with matter and energy at all levelsfrom the most fundamental particles of matter to the entire universe. Some people would even argue that physics is the study of everything! [SEP] it is concerned with matter and energy at all levelsfrom the most fundamental particles of matter to the entire universe .
Physics is the study of energy, matter, and their interactions. Its a very broad field because it is concerned with matter and energy at all levelsfrom the most fundamental particles of matter to the entire universe. Some people would even argue that physics is the study of everything! [SEP] is the study of energy , matter , and their interactions . Its a very broad field
The force applied by the screw (output force) is always greater than the force applied to the screw (input force). Therefore, the mechanical advantage of a screw is always greater than 1. Look at the two screws in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] The force applied by the screw -LRB- output force -RRB- is always greater than the force applied to the screw -LRB- input force -RRB-
The force applied by the screw (output force) is always greater than the force applied to the screw (input force). Therefore, the mechanical advantage of a screw is always greater than 1. Look at the two screws in the Figure 1.2. [SEP] the mechanical advantage of a screw is always greater than 1 .
In the screw on the right, the threads of the inclined plane are closer together. This screw has a greater mechanical advantage and is easier to turn than the screw on the left, so it takes less force to penetrate the wood with the right screw. The trade-off is that more turns of the screw are needed to do the job because the distance over which the input force must be applied is greater. [SEP] This screw has a greater mechanical advantage and is easier to turn than the screw on the left
In the screw on the right, the threads of the inclined plane are closer together. This screw has a greater mechanical advantage and is easier to turn than the screw on the left, so it takes less force to penetrate the wood with the right screw. The trade-off is that more turns of the screw are needed to do the job because the distance over which the input force must be applied is greater. [SEP] it takes less force to penetrate the wood with the right screw .
This screw has a greater mechanical advantage and is easier to turn than the screw on the left, so it takes less force to penetrate the wood with the right screw. The trade-off is that more turns of the screw are needed to do the job because the distance over which the input force must be applied is greater. Q: Why is it harder to turn a screw with more widely spaced threads? [SEP] the distance over which the input force must be applied is greater .
This screw has a greater mechanical advantage and is easier to turn than the screw on the left, so it takes less force to penetrate the wood with the right screw. The trade-off is that more turns of the screw are needed to do the job because the distance over which the input force must be applied is greater. Q: Why is it harder to turn a screw with more widely spaced threads? [SEP] The trade-off is that more turns of the screw are needed to do the job
Q: Why is it harder to turn a screw with more widely spaced threads? A: The screw moves farther with each turn when the threads are more widely space, so more force must be applied to turn the screw and cover the greater distance.  [SEP] : The screw moves farther with each turn when the threads are more widely space
Q: Why is it harder to turn a screw with more widely spaced threads? A: The screw moves farther with each turn when the threads are more widely space, so more force must be applied to turn the screw and cover the greater distance.  [SEP] more force must be applied to turn the screw and cover the greater distance .
A reasonable estimate is 47 mL. In this measurement, the first digit (4) is known for certain and the second digit (7) is an estimate, so the measurement has two significant figures. Now look at the graduated cylinder sketched below. [SEP] , the first digit -LRB- 4 -RRB- is known for certain and the second digit -LRB- 7 -RRB- is an estimate
A reasonable estimate is 47 mL. In this measurement, the first digit (4) is known for certain and the second digit (7) is an estimate, so the measurement has two significant figures. Now look at the graduated cylinder sketched below. [SEP] the measurement has two significant figures .
First, its important to note that you should read the amount of liquid at the bottom of its curved surface. This falls about half way between the mark for 36 mL and the mark for 37 mL, so a reasonable estimate would be 36.5 mL. Q : How many significant figures does this measurement have? [SEP] This falls about half way between the mark for 36 mL and the mark for 37 mL
First, its important to note that you should read the amount of liquid at the bottom of its curved surface. This falls about half way between the mark for 36 mL and the mark for 37 mL, so a reasonable estimate would be 36.5 mL. Q : How many significant figures does this measurement have? [SEP] a reasonable estimate would be 36.5 mL . Q
It has more significant figures than the measurement with the fewest significant figures. As another example, assume that you want to calculate the volume of the block of wood shown below. The volume of the block is represented by the formula: [SEP] another example , assume that you want to calculate the volume of the block of wood shown below .
It has more significant figures than the measurement with the fewest significant figures. As another example, assume that you want to calculate the volume of the block of wood shown below. The volume of the block is represented by the formula: [SEP] It has more significant figures than the measurement with the fewest significant figures .
The correct answer is 1 cm3 . Thats because the height of the block has just one significant figure. Therefore, the answer can have only one significant figure. [SEP] the height of the block has just one significant figure .
The correct answer is 1 cm3 . Thats because the height of the block has just one significant figure. Therefore, the answer can have only one significant figure. [SEP] correct answer is 1 cm3 . Thats
Thats because the height of the block has just one significant figure. Therefore, the answer can have only one significant figure.  [SEP] Thats because the height of the block has just one significant figure
Thats because the height of the block has just one significant figure. Therefore, the answer can have only one significant figure.  [SEP] the answer can have only one significant figure .
Zeros within a number between nonzero digits are always significant. For example, in the number 106.1, the zero is significant, so this number has four significant figures. Zeros that show only where the decimal point falls are not significant. [SEP] , in the number 106.1 , the zero is significant
Zeros within a number between nonzero digits are always significant. For example, in the number 106.1, the zero is significant, so this number has four significant figures. Zeros that show only where the decimal point falls are not significant. [SEP] this number has four significant figures .
The zeros just show that the 4 represents hundreds of thousands and the 7 represents tens of thousands. Therefore, these zeros are not significant. Trailing zeros that arent needed to show where the decimal point falls are significant. [SEP] The zeros just show that the 4 represents hundreds of thousands and the 7 represents tens of thousands
The zeros just show that the 4 represents hundreds of thousands and the 7 represents tens of thousands. Therefore, these zeros are not significant. Trailing zeros that arent needed to show where the decimal point falls are significant. [SEP] these zeros are not significant .
How do you know which way to round? Follow these simple rules: If the digit to be rounded (dropped) is less than 5, then round down. For example, when rounding 2.344 to three significant figures, round down to 2.34. [SEP] the digit to be rounded -LRB- dropped -RRB- is less than 5
How do you know which way to round? Follow these simple rules: If the digit to be rounded (dropped) is less than 5, then round down. For example, when rounding 2.344 to three significant figures, round down to 2.34. [SEP] round down .
For example, when rounding 2.344 to three significant figures, round down to 2.34. If the digit to be rounded is greater than 5, then round up. For example, when rounding 2.346 to three significant figures, round up to 2.35. [SEP] the digit to be rounded is greater than 5
For example, when rounding 2.344 to three significant figures, round down to 2.34. If the digit to be rounded is greater than 5, then round up. For example, when rounding 2.346 to three significant figures, round up to 2.35. [SEP] round up .
If the pulley only changes the direction of the force, how does it make the work of raising the flag easier? A: The pulley makes it easier to lift the flag because it allows a person to pull down on the rope and add his or her own weight to the effort, rather than simply lifting the load.  [SEP] it allows a person to pull down on the rope and add his or her own weight to the effort , rather than simply lifting the load .
If the pulley only changes the direction of the force, how does it make the work of raising the flag easier? A: The pulley makes it easier to lift the flag because it allows a person to pull down on the rope and add his or her own weight to the effort, rather than simply lifting the load.  [SEP] A : The pulley makes it easier to lift the flag
They just change how the work is done. Machines make work easier by increasing the amount of force that is applied, increasing the distance over which the force is applied, or changing the direction in which the force is applied. Q: If a machine increases the force applied, what does this tell you about the distance over which the force is applied by the machine: [SEP] increasing the amount of force that is applied , increasing the distance over which the force is applied , or changing the direction in which the force is applied
They just change how the work is done. Machines make work easier by increasing the amount of force that is applied, increasing the distance over which the force is applied, or changing the direction in which the force is applied. Q: If a machine increases the force applied, what does this tell you about the distance over which the force is applied by the machine: [SEP] Machines make work easier
A: The machine must apply the force over a shorter distance. Thats because a machine doesnt change the amount of work and work equals force times distance. Therefore, if force increases, distance must decrease. [SEP] a machine doesnt change the amount of work and work equals force times distance .
A: The machine must apply the force over a shorter distance. Thats because a machine doesnt change the amount of work and work equals force times distance. Therefore, if force increases, distance must decrease. [SEP] machine must apply the force over a shorter distance . Thats
Thats because a machine doesnt change the amount of work and work equals force times distance. Therefore, if force increases, distance must decrease. For the same reason, if a machine increases the distance over which the force is applied, it must apply less force. [SEP] Thats because a machine doesnt change the amount of work and work equals force times distance
Thats because a machine doesnt change the amount of work and work equals force times distance. Therefore, if force increases, distance must decrease. For the same reason, if a machine increases the distance over which the force is applied, it must apply less force. [SEP] if force increases , distance must decrease .
Therefore, if force increases, distance must decrease. For the same reason, if a machine increases the distance over which the force is applied, it must apply less force.  [SEP] Therefore , if force increases , distance must decrease
Therefore, if force increases, distance must decrease. For the same reason, if a machine increases the distance over which the force is applied, it must apply less force.  [SEP] if a machine increases the distance over which the force is applied , it must apply less force .
 A machine is any device that makes work easier by changing a force. Work is done whenever a force moves an object over a distance. [SEP] changing a force
 A machine is any device that makes work easier by changing a force. Work is done whenever a force moves an object over a distance. [SEP] A machine is any device that makes work easier
You can also hear sounds through the inside walls of a house. For example, if you put your ear against a wall, you may be able to eavesdrop on a conversation in the next roomnot that you would, of course.  [SEP] you put your ear against a wall
You can also hear sounds through the inside walls of a house. For example, if you put your ear against a wall, you may be able to eavesdrop on a conversation in the next roomnot that you would, of course.  [SEP] you may be able to eavesdrop on a conversation in the next roomnot that you would , of course .
Most people commonly use the term sound to mean what they hear when sound waves enter their ears. The tree above generated sound waves when it fell to the ground, so it made sound according to the scientific definition. But the sound wasnt detected by a persons ears if there was nobody in the forest. [SEP] The tree above generated sound waves when it fell to the ground
Most people commonly use the term sound to mean what they hear when sound waves enter their ears. The tree above generated sound waves when it fell to the ground, so it made sound according to the scientific definition. But the sound wasnt detected by a persons ears if there was nobody in the forest. [SEP] it made sound according to the scientific definition .
Most people commonly use the term sound to mean what they hear when sound waves enter their ears. The tree above generated sound waves when it fell to the ground, so it made sound according to the scientific definition. But the sound wasnt detected by a persons ears if there was nobody in the forest. [SEP] the scientific definition
Most people commonly use the term sound to mean what they hear when sound waves enter their ears. The tree above generated sound waves when it fell to the ground, so it made sound according to the scientific definition. But the sound wasnt detected by a persons ears if there was nobody in the forest. [SEP] it made sound
The tree above generated sound waves when it fell to the ground, so it made sound according to the scientific definition. But the sound wasnt detected by a persons ears if there was nobody in the forest. So the answer to the riddle is both yes and no! [SEP] there was nobody in the forest .
The tree above generated sound waves when it fell to the ground, so it made sound according to the scientific definition. But the sound wasnt detected by a persons ears if there was nobody in the forest. So the answer to the riddle is both yes and no! [SEP] But the sound wasnt detected by a persons ears
But the sound wasnt detected by a persons ears if there was nobody in the forest. So the answer to the riddle is both yes and no!  [SEP] But the sound wasnt detected by a persons ears if there was nobody in the forest
But the sound wasnt detected by a persons ears if there was nobody in the forest. So the answer to the riddle is both yes and no!  [SEP] the answer to the riddle is both yes and no !
A: It wouldnt unless the vibrations were carried by another medium. Sound waves are mechanical waves, so they can travel only though matter and not through empty space.  [SEP] Sound waves are mechanical waves
A: It wouldnt unless the vibrations were carried by another medium. Sound waves are mechanical waves, so they can travel only though matter and not through empty space.  [SEP] they can travel only though matter and not through empty space .
The clock was still ticking, but the ticking sound could no longer be heard. Thats because the sound couldnt travel away from the clock without air particles to pass the sound energy along. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the sound couldnt travel away from the clock without air particles to pass the sound energy along .
The clock was still ticking, but the ticking sound could no longer be heard. Thats because the sound couldnt travel away from the clock without air particles to pass the sound energy along. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] clock was still ticking , but the ticking sound could no longer be heard . Thats
In this process, a substance gives off light when an electric current passes through it. Gases such as neon, argon, and krypton produce light by this means. The car dash lights in the Figure 1.2 are produced by electroluminescence. [SEP] Gases such as neon , argon , and krypton produce light by
In this process, a substance gives off light when an electric current passes through it. Gases such as neon, argon, and krypton produce light by this means. The car dash lights in the Figure 1.2 are produced by electroluminescence. [SEP] The car dash lights in the Figure 1.2
A third type of luminescence is called bioluminescence. This is the production of light by living things as a result of chemical reactions. The jellyfish in the opening photo above produces light by bioluminescence. [SEP] chemical reactions
A third type of luminescence is called bioluminescence. This is the production of light by living things as a result of chemical reactions. The jellyfish in the opening photo above produces light by bioluminescence. [SEP] This is the production of light by living things
The jellyfish in the opening photo above produces light by bioluminescence. So does the firefly in the Figure 1.3. Fireflies give off visible light to attract mates. [SEP] The jellyfish in the opening photo above produces light by bioluminescence
The jellyfish in the opening photo above produces light by bioluminescence. So does the firefly in the Figure 1.3. Fireflies give off visible light to attract mates. [SEP] does the firefly in the Figure 1.3 .
For example, mosquitoes can see infrared light, which is emitted by warm objects. By seeing infrared light, mosquitoes can tell where the warmest, blood-rich areas of the body are located.  [SEP] seeing infrared light
For example, mosquitoes can see infrared light, which is emitted by warm objects. By seeing infrared light, mosquitoes can tell where the warmest, blood-rich areas of the body are located.  [SEP] , mosquitoes can tell where the warmest , blood-rich areas of the body are located .
Being lit by another source is called illumination. The moon in the Figure 1.4 is glowing so brightly that you can see shadows under the trees. It appears to glow from its own light, but its really just illuminated by light from the sun. [SEP] The moon in the Figure 1.4 is glowing so brightly
Being lit by another source is called illumination. The moon in the Figure 1.4 is glowing so brightly that you can see shadows under the trees. It appears to glow from its own light, but its really just illuminated by light from the sun. [SEP] you can see shadows under the trees .
Most of the visible light on Earth comes from the sun. The sun and other stars produce light because they are so hot. They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures. [SEP] The sun and other stars produce light because they are
Most of the visible light on Earth comes from the sun. The sun and other stars produce light because they are so hot. They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures. [SEP] hot . They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures
The sun and other stars produce light because they are so hot. They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures. This way of producing light is called incandescence. [SEP] their extremely high temperatures
The sun and other stars produce light because they are so hot. They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures. This way of producing light is called incandescence. [SEP] They glow with light
Incandescent light bulbs also produce light in this way. When electric current passes through a wire filament inside an incandescent bulb, the wire gets so hot that it glows. Do you see the glowing filament inside the incandescent light bulb in the Figure 1.1? [SEP] When electric current passes through a wire filament inside an incandescent bulb , the wire gets so hot
Incandescent light bulbs also produce light in this way. When electric current passes through a wire filament inside an incandescent bulb, the wire gets so hot that it glows. Do you see the glowing filament inside the incandescent light bulb in the Figure 1.1? [SEP] it glows .
 If you know the average speed of a moving object, you can calculate the distance it will travel in a given period of time or the time it will take to travel a given distance. To calculate distance from speed and time, use this version of the average speed formula given above: distance = speed  time [SEP] you know the average speed of a moving object
 If you know the average speed of a moving object, you can calculate the distance it will travel in a given period of time or the time it will take to travel a given distance. To calculate distance from speed and time, use this version of the average speed formula given above: distance = speed  time [SEP] you can calculate the distance it will travel in a given period of time or the time it will take to travel a given distance .
To calculate distance from speed and time, use this version of the average speed formula given above: distance = speed  time For example, if a car travels at an average speed of 60 km/h for 5 hours, then the distance it travels is: distance = 60 km [SEP] a car travels at an average speed of 60 km/h for 5 hours
To calculate distance from speed and time, use this version of the average speed formula given above: distance = speed  time For example, if a car travels at an average speed of 60 km/h for 5 hours, then the distance it travels is: distance = 60 km [SEP] then the distance it travels is :
5 h = 300 km To calculate time from speed and distance, use this version of the formula: time = distance speed Q: If you walk 6 km at an average speed of 3 km/h, how much time does it take? A [SEP] you walk 6 km at an average speed of 3 km/h ,
5 h = 300 km To calculate time from speed and distance, use this version of the formula: time = distance speed Q: If you walk 6 km at an average speed of 3 km/h, how much time does it take? A [SEP] time from speed and distance , use this version of the formula : time = distance speed Q :
For example, you might travel 65 miles per hour on a highway but only 20 miles per hour on a city street (see the pictures in the Figure 1.1.) You might come to a complete stop at traffic lights, slow down as you turn corners, and speed up to pass other cars. Therefore, your speed at any given instant, or your instantaneous speed, may be very different than your speed at other times. [SEP] you turn corners , and speed up to pass other cars .
For example, you might travel 65 miles per hour on a highway but only 20 miles per hour on a city street (see the pictures in the Figure 1.1.) You might come to a complete stop at traffic lights, slow down as you turn corners, and speed up to pass other cars. Therefore, your speed at any given instant, or your instantaneous speed, may be very different than your speed at other times. [SEP] You might come to a complete stop at traffic lights , slow down
You might come to a complete stop at traffic lights, slow down as you turn corners, and speed up to pass other cars. Therefore, your speed at any given instant, or your instantaneous speed, may be very different than your speed at other times. Instantaneous speed is much more difficult to calculate than average speed. [SEP] You might come to a complete stop at traffic lights , slow down as you turn corners , and speed up to pass other cars
You might come to a complete stop at traffic lights, slow down as you turn corners, and speed up to pass other cars. Therefore, your speed at any given instant, or your instantaneous speed, may be very different than your speed at other times. Instantaneous speed is much more difficult to calculate than average speed. [SEP] your speed at any given instant , or your instantaneous speed , may be very different than your speed at other times .
 Even if speed varies during the course of a trip, its easy to calculate the average speed by using this formula: speed = distance time [SEP] speed varies during the course of a trip
 Even if speed varies during the course of a trip, its easy to calculate the average speed by using this formula: speed = distance time [SEP] its easy to calculate the average speed by using this formula :
A: Sound travels at a higher speed through water than air, so it travels more quickly through air that contains water vapor than it does through dry air.  [SEP] Sound travels at a higher speed through water than air
A: Sound travels at a higher speed through water than air, so it travels more quickly through air that contains water vapor than it does through dry air.  [SEP] it travels more quickly through air that contains water vapor than it does through dry air .
You can compare the speed of sound in dry air at different temperatures in the following Table 1.2. At a lower temperature, particles of the medium are moving more slowly, so it takes them longer to transfer the energy of the sound waves. Temperature of Air 0 [SEP] At a lower temperature , particles of the medium are moving more slowly
You can compare the speed of sound in dry air at different temperatures in the following Table 1.2. At a lower temperature, particles of the medium are moving more slowly, so it takes them longer to transfer the energy of the sound waves. Temperature of Air 0 [SEP] it takes them longer to transfer the energy of the sound waves .
A: For each 1 degree Celsius that temperature decreases, the speed of sound decreases by 0.6 m/s. So sound travels through dry, -20  C air at a speed of 319 m/s.  [SEP] A : For each 1 degree Celsius that temperature decreases , the speed of sound decreases by 0.6 m/s
A: For each 1 degree Celsius that temperature decreases, the speed of sound decreases by 0.6 m/s. So sound travels through dry, -20  C air at a speed of 319 m/s.  [SEP] sound travels through dry , -20 C air at a speed of 319 m/s .
What happens when you have become negatively charged and your hand approaches the metal doorknocker? Your negatively charged hand repels electrons in the metal, so the electrons move to the other side of the knocker. This makes the side of the knocker closest to your hand positively charged. [SEP] Your negatively charged hand repels electrons in the metal
What happens when you have become negatively charged and your hand approaches the metal doorknocker? Your negatively charged hand repels electrons in the metal, so the electrons move to the other side of the knocker. This makes the side of the knocker closest to your hand positively charged. [SEP] the electrons move to the other side of the knocker .
This makes the side of the knocker closest to your hand positively charged. As your negatively charged hand gets very close to the positively charged side of the metal, the air between your hand and the knocker also becomes electrically charged. This allows electrons to suddenly flow from your hand to the knocker. [SEP] your negatively charged hand gets very close to the positively charged side of the metal , the air between your hand and the knocker also becomes electrically charged .
This makes the side of the knocker closest to your hand positively charged. As your negatively charged hand gets very close to the positively charged side of the metal, the air between your hand and the knocker also becomes electrically charged. This allows electrons to suddenly flow from your hand to the knocker. [SEP] This makes the side of the knocker closest to your hand positively charged .
You can see how it occurs in the following diagram (Figure 1.1). During a rainstorm, clouds develop regions of positive and negative charge due to the movement of air molecules, water drops, and ice particles. The negative charges are concentrated at the base of the clouds, and the positive charges are concentrated at the top. [SEP] the movement of air molecules , water drops , and ice particles
You can see how it occurs in the following diagram (Figure 1.1). During a rainstorm, clouds develop regions of positive and negative charge due to the movement of air molecules, water drops, and ice particles. The negative charges are concentrated at the base of the clouds, and the positive charges are concentrated at the top. [SEP] During a rainstorm , clouds develop regions of positive and negative charge
The negative charges are concentrated at the base of the clouds, and the positive charges are concentrated at the top. The negative charges repel electrons on the ground beneath them, so the ground below the clouds becomes positively charged. At first, the atmosphere prevents electrons from flowing away from areas of negative charge and toward areas of positive charge. [SEP] The negative charges repel electrons on the ground beneath them
The negative charges are concentrated at the base of the clouds, and the positive charges are concentrated at the top. The negative charges repel electrons on the ground beneath them, so the ground below the clouds becomes positively charged. At first, the atmosphere prevents electrons from flowing away from areas of negative charge and toward areas of positive charge. [SEP] the ground below the clouds becomes positively charged .
At first, the atmosphere prevents electrons from flowing away from areas of negative charge and toward areas of positive charge. As more charges build up, however, the air between the oppositely charged areas also becomes charged. When this happens, static electricity is discharged as bolts of lightning. [SEP] more charges build up , however , the air between the oppositely charged areas also becomes charged .
At first, the atmosphere prevents electrons from flowing away from areas of negative charge and toward areas of positive charge. As more charges build up, however, the air between the oppositely charged areas also becomes charged. When this happens, static electricity is discharged as bolts of lightning. [SEP] At first , the atmosphere prevents electrons from flowing away from areas of negative charge and toward areas of positive charge .
When you wipe your rubber-soled shoes on the wool mat, for example, electrons rub off the mat onto your shoes. As a result of this transfer of electrons, positive charges build up on the mat and negative charges build up on you. Once an object becomes electrically charged, it is likely to remain charged until it touches another object or at least comes very close to another object. [SEP] you wipe your rubber-soled shoes on the wool mat , for example , electrons rub off the mat onto your shoes . As
When you wipe your rubber-soled shoes on the wool mat, for example, electrons rub off the mat onto your shoes. As a result of this transfer of electrons, positive charges build up on the mat and negative charges build up on you. Once an object becomes electrically charged, it is likely to remain charged until it touches another object or at least comes very close to another object. [SEP] transfer of electrons , positive charges build up on the mat and negative charges build up on you .
As a result of this transfer of electrons, positive charges build up on the mat and negative charges build up on you. Once an object becomes electrically charged, it is likely to remain charged until it touches another object or at least comes very close to another object. Thats because electric charges cannot travel easily through air, especially if the air is dry. [SEP] an object becomes electrically charged
As a result of this transfer of electrons, positive charges build up on the mat and negative charges build up on you. Once an object becomes electrically charged, it is likely to remain charged until it touches another object or at least comes very close to another object. Thats because electric charges cannot travel easily through air, especially if the air is dry. [SEP] it is likely to remain charged until it touches another object or at least comes very close to another object .
Once an object becomes electrically charged, it is likely to remain charged until it touches another object or at least comes very close to another object. Thats because electric charges cannot travel easily through air, especially if the air is dry. Q: Youre more likely to get a shock in the winter when the air is very dry. [SEP] electric charges can not travel easily through air
Once an object becomes electrically charged, it is likely to remain charged until it touches another object or at least comes very close to another object. Thats because electric charges cannot travel easily through air, especially if the air is dry. Q: Youre more likely to get a shock in the winter when the air is very dry. [SEP] especially if the air is dry .
A: When the air is very dry, electric charges are more likely to build up objects because they cannot travel easily through the dry air. This makes a shock more likely when you touch another object. [SEP] they can not travel easily through the dry air .
A: When the air is very dry, electric charges are more likely to build up objects because they cannot travel easily through the dry air. This makes a shock more likely when you touch another object. [SEP] When the air is very dry , electric charges are more likely to build up objects
Physical design constraints include factors such as natural laws and properties of materials. A kite, for example, will fly only if its shape allows air currents to lift it. Otherwise, gravity will keep it on the ground. [SEP] its shape allows air currents to lift it .
Physical design constraints include factors such as natural laws and properties of materials. A kite, for example, will fly only if its shape allows air currents to lift it. Otherwise, gravity will keep it on the ground. [SEP] A kite , for example , will fly only
Social design constraints include factors such as ease of use, safety, attractiveness, and cost. For example, a kite string should be easy to unwind as the wind carries the kite higher.  [SEP] the wind carries the kite higher .
Social design constraints include factors such as ease of use, safety, attractiveness, and cost. For example, a kite string should be easy to unwind as the wind carries the kite higher.  [SEP] For example , a kite string should be easy to unwind
 All technological designs have trade-offs because no design is perfect. For example, a design might be very good at solving a problem, but it might be too expensive to be practical. [SEP] no design is perfect .
 All technological designs have trade-offs because no design is perfect. For example, a design might be very good at solving a problem, but it might be too expensive to be practical. [SEP] All technological designs have trade-offs
Q: What trade-offs might there be on the design of a kite? A: You might want to make a big kite, but if its too big it might be too heavy. Then it would fly only on very windy days. [SEP] its too big it might be too heavy .
Q: What trade-offs might there be on the design of a kite? A: You might want to make a big kite, but if its too big it might be too heavy. Then it would fly only on very windy days. [SEP] You might want to make a big kite , but
A: Farm machinery replaced human labor and allowed fewer people to produce more food. This is why many rural people migrated to the new towns and cities to look for work in factories. Steam-powered trains and ships made it easier for people to migrate. [SEP] : Farm machinery replaced human labor and allowed fewer people to produce more food
A: Farm machinery replaced human labor and allowed fewer people to produce more food. This is why many rural people migrated to the new towns and cities to look for work in factories. Steam-powered trains and ships made it easier for people to migrate. [SEP] many rural people migrated to the new towns and cities to look for work in factories .
Thats because technology has the goal of solving human problems, so new technologies usually make life better. They may make work easier, for example, or make people healthier. [SEP] because technology has the goal of solving human problems
Thats because technology has the goal of solving human problems, so new technologies usually make life better. They may make work easier, for example, or make people healthier. [SEP] new technologies usually make life better .
Materials that are good conductors of thermal energy are called thermal conductors. Metals are especially good thermal conductors because they have freely moving electrons that can transfer thermal energy quickly and easily. Besides the heating element inside a toaster, another example of a thermal conductor is a metal radiator, like the one in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] they have freely moving electrons that can transfer thermal energy quickly and easily .
Materials that are good conductors of thermal energy are called thermal conductors. Metals are especially good thermal conductors because they have freely moving electrons that can transfer thermal energy quickly and easily. Besides the heating element inside a toaster, another example of a thermal conductor is a metal radiator, like the one in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] Metals are especially good thermal conductors
A: One example is staying warm on a cold day. You will stay warmer if you can prevent the transfer of your own thermal energy to the outside air.  [SEP] you can prevent the transfer of your own thermal energy to the outside air .
A: One example is staying warm on a cold day. You will stay warmer if you can prevent the transfer of your own thermal energy to the outside air.  [SEP] You will stay warmer
One way to retain your own thermal energy on a cold day is to wear clothes that trap air. Thats because air, like other gases, is a poor conductor of thermal energy. The particles of gases are relatively far apart, so they dont bump into each other or into other things as often as the more closely spaced particles of liquids or solids. [SEP] air , like other gases , is a poor conductor of thermal energy .
One way to retain your own thermal energy on a cold day is to wear clothes that trap air. Thats because air, like other gases, is a poor conductor of thermal energy. The particles of gases are relatively far apart, so they dont bump into each other or into other things as often as the more closely spaced particles of liquids or solids. [SEP] way to retain your own thermal energy on a cold day is to wear clothes that trap air . Thats
Thats because air, like other gases, is a poor conductor of thermal energy. The particles of gases are relatively far apart, so they dont bump into each other or into other things as often as the more closely spaced particles of liquids or solids. Therefore, particles of gases have fewer opportunities to transfer thermal energy. [SEP] The particles of gases are relatively far apart
Thats because air, like other gases, is a poor conductor of thermal energy. The particles of gases are relatively far apart, so they dont bump into each other or into other things as often as the more closely spaced particles of liquids or solids. Therefore, particles of gases have fewer opportunities to transfer thermal energy. [SEP] they dont bump into each other or into other things as often as the more closely spaced particles of liquids or solids .
The particles of gases are relatively far apart, so they dont bump into each other or into other things as often as the more closely spaced particles of liquids or solids. Therefore, particles of gases have fewer opportunities to transfer thermal energy. Materials that are poor thermal conductors are called thermal insulators. [SEP] The particles of gases are relatively far apart , so they dont bump into each other or into other things as often as the more closely spaced particles of liquids or solids
The particles of gases are relatively far apart, so they dont bump into each other or into other things as often as the more closely spaced particles of liquids or solids. Therefore, particles of gases have fewer opportunities to transfer thermal energy. Materials that are poor thermal conductors are called thermal insulators. [SEP] particles of gases have fewer opportunities to transfer thermal energy .
Materials that are poor thermal conductors are called thermal insulators. Down-filled snowsuits, like those in the Figure 1.2, are good thermal insulators because their feather filling traps a lot of air. Another example of a thermal insulator is pictured in the Figure 1.3. [SEP] their feather filling traps a lot of air . Another example of a thermal insulator is pictured in the Figure 1.3
Materials that are poor thermal conductors are called thermal insulators. Down-filled snowsuits, like those in the Figure 1.2, are good thermal insulators because their feather filling traps a lot of air. Another example of a thermal insulator is pictured in the Figure 1.3. [SEP] Down-filled snowsuits , like those in the Figure 1.2 , are good thermal insulators
 Why do the air and sand of Death Valley feel so hot? Its because their particles are moving very rapidly. [SEP] Why do the air and sand of Death Valley feel
 Why do the air and sand of Death Valley feel so hot? Its because their particles are moving very rapidly. [SEP] hot ? Its because their particles are moving very rapidly
Why do the air and sand of Death Valley feel so hot? Its because their particles are moving very rapidly. Anything that is moving has kinetic energy, and the faster it is moving, the more kinetic energy it has. [SEP] their particles are moving very rapidly .
Why do the air and sand of Death Valley feel so hot? Its because their particles are moving very rapidly. Anything that is moving has kinetic energy, and the faster it is moving, the more kinetic energy it has. [SEP] the air and sand of Death Valley feel so hot ? Its
All matter has thermal energy, even matter that feels cold. Thats because the particles of all matter are in constant motion and have kinetic energy.  [SEP] the particles of all matter are in constant motion and have kinetic energy .
All matter has thermal energy, even matter that feels cold. Thats because the particles of all matter are in constant motion and have kinetic energy.  [SEP] All matter has thermal energy , even matter that feels cold . Thats
All those moving particles give the water in the tub greater total kinetic energy, even though their average kinetic energy is less. Therefore, the water in the tub has greater thermal energy than the soup. Q: Could a block of ice have more thermal energy than a pot of boiling water? [SEP] All those moving particles give the water in the tub greater total kinetic energy , even though their average kinetic energy is less
All those moving particles give the water in the tub greater total kinetic energy, even though their average kinetic energy is less. Therefore, the water in the tub has greater thermal energy than the soup. Q: Could a block of ice have more thermal energy than a pot of boiling water? [SEP] the water in the tub has greater thermal energy than the soup .
A: Yes, the block of ice could have more thermal energy if its mass was much greater than the mass of the boiling water.  [SEP] its mass was much greater than the mass of the boiling water .
A: Yes, the block of ice could have more thermal energy if its mass was much greater than the mass of the boiling water.  [SEP] Yes , the block of ice could have more thermal energy
This is also how the suns energy reaches Earth and heats its surface. Without the energy radiated from the sun, Earth would be too cold to support life as we know it. Thermal radiation is one of three ways that thermal energy can be transferred. [SEP] we know it .
This is also how the suns energy reaches Earth and heats its surface. Without the energy radiated from the sun, Earth would be too cold to support life as we know it. Thermal radiation is one of three ways that thermal energy can be transferred. [SEP] Without the energy radiated from the sun , Earth would be too cold to support life
Even people radiate thermal energy. In fact, when a room is full of people, it may feel noticeably warmer because of all the thermal energy the people radiate! Q: [SEP] In fact , when a room is full of people , it may feel noticeably warmer
Even people radiate thermal energy. In fact, when a room is full of people, it may feel noticeably warmer because of all the thermal energy the people radiate! Q: [SEP] radiate !
In 1906, he won the Nobel Prize in physics for his research on how gases conduct electricity. This research also led to his discovery of the electron. You can see a picture of Thomson 1.1. [SEP] In 1906 , he won the Nobel Prize in physics for his research on how gases conduct electricity
In 1906, he won the Nobel Prize in physics for his research on how gases conduct electricity. This research also led to his discovery of the electron. You can see a picture of Thomson 1.1. [SEP] his discovery of the electron
That was the other popular hypothesis. Thomson tested these ideas by placing negative and positive plates along the sides of the cathode ray tube to see how the cathode ray would be affected. The cathode ray appeared to be repelled by the negative plate and attracted by the positive plate. [SEP] placing negative and positive plates along the sides of the cathode ray tube to see how the cathode ray would be affected
That was the other popular hypothesis. Thomson tested these ideas by placing negative and positive plates along the sides of the cathode ray tube to see how the cathode ray would be affected. The cathode ray appeared to be repelled by the negative plate and attracted by the positive plate. [SEP] Thomson tested these ideas
Thomson also measured the mass of the particles he had identified. He did this by determining how much the cathode rays were bent when he varied the voltage. He found that the mass of the particles was 2000 times smaller than the mass of the smallest atom, the hydrogen atom. [SEP] determining how much the cathode rays were bent when he varied the voltage
Thomson also measured the mass of the particles he had identified. He did this by determining how much the cathode rays were bent when he varied the voltage. He found that the mass of the particles was 2000 times smaller than the mass of the smallest atom, the hydrogen atom. [SEP] He did this
Atoms are neutral in electric charge. How can they be neutral if they contain negatively charged electrons? A: Atoms also contain positively charged particles that cancel out the negative charge of the electrons. [SEP] they contain negatively charged electrons ?
Atoms are neutral in electric charge. How can they be neutral if they contain negatively charged electrons? A: Atoms also contain positively charged particles that cancel out the negative charge of the electrons. [SEP] can they be neutral
 Thomson also knew that atoms are neutral in electric charge, so he asked the same question: How can atoms contain negative particles and still be neutral? He hypothesized that the rest of the atom must be positively charged in order to cancel out the negative charge of the electrons. [SEP] Thomson also knew that atoms are neutral in electric charge
 Thomson also knew that atoms are neutral in electric charge, so he asked the same question: How can atoms contain negative particles and still be neutral? He hypothesized that the rest of the atom must be positively charged in order to cancel out the negative charge of the electrons. [SEP] he asked the same question : How can atoms contain negative particles and still be neutral ?
: Today we know that all of the positive charge in an atom is concentrated in a tiny central area called the nucleus, with the electrons swirling through empty space around it, as in the Figure 1.4. The nucleus was discovered just a few years after Thomson discovered the electron, so the plum pudding model was soon rejected.  [SEP] The nucleus was discovered just a few years after Thomson discovered the electron
: Today we know that all of the positive charge in an atom is concentrated in a tiny central area called the nucleus, with the electrons swirling through empty space around it, as in the Figure 1.4. The nucleus was discovered just a few years after Thomson discovered the electron, so the plum pudding model was soon rejected.  [SEP] the plum pudding model was soon rejected .
Assume that you have walked across a wool carpet in rubber-soled shoes and become negatively charged. If you then reach out to touch a metal doorknob, electrons in the neutral metal will be repelled and move away from your hand before you even touch the knob. In this way, one end of the doorknob becomes positively charged and the other end becomes negatively charged. [SEP] you then reach out to touch a metal doorknob
Assume that you have walked across a wool carpet in rubber-soled shoes and become negatively charged. If you then reach out to touch a metal doorknob, electrons in the neutral metal will be repelled and move away from your hand before you even touch the knob. In this way, one end of the doorknob becomes positively charged and the other end becomes negatively charged. [SEP] electrons in the neutral metal will be repelled and move away from your hand before you even touch the knob .
This is called polarization. Polarization occurs whenever electrons within a neutral object move because of the electric field of a nearby charged object. It occurs without direct contact between the two objects. [SEP] Polarization occurs whenever electrons within a neutral object move
This is called polarization. Polarization occurs whenever electrons within a neutral object move because of the electric field of a nearby charged object. It occurs without direct contact between the two objects. [SEP] object .
Conduction occurs when there is direct contact between materials that differ in their ability to give up or accept electrons. A van de Graff generator produces a negative charge on its dome, so it tends to give up electrons. Human hands are positively charged, so they tend to accept electrons. [SEP] A van de Graff generator produces a negative charge on its dome
Conduction occurs when there is direct contact between materials that differ in their ability to give up or accept electrons. A van de Graff generator produces a negative charge on its dome, so it tends to give up electrons. Human hands are positively charged, so they tend to accept electrons. [SEP] it tends to give up electrons .
A van de Graff generator produces a negative charge on its dome, so it tends to give up electrons. Human hands are positively charged, so they tend to accept electrons. Therefore, electrons flow from the dome to the mans hand when they are in contact. [SEP] Human hands are positively charged
A van de Graff generator produces a negative charge on its dome, so it tends to give up electrons. Human hands are positively charged, so they tend to accept electrons. Therefore, electrons flow from the dome to the mans hand when they are in contact. [SEP] they tend to accept electrons .
Human hands are positively charged, so they tend to accept electrons. Therefore, electrons flow from the dome to the mans hand when they are in contact. You dont need a van de Graaff generator for conduction to take place. [SEP] hands are positively charged , so they tend to accept electrons
Human hands are positively charged, so they tend to accept electrons. Therefore, electrons flow from the dome to the mans hand when they are in contact. You dont need a van de Graaff generator for conduction to take place. [SEP] electrons flow from the dome to the mans hand when they are in contact .
Wool tends to give up electrons and rubber tends to accept them. Therefore, the carpet transfers electrons to your shoes each time you put down your foot. The transfer of electrons results in you becoming negatively charged and the carpet becoming positively charged. [SEP] Wool tends to give up electrons and rubber tends to accept them
Wool tends to give up electrons and rubber tends to accept them. Therefore, the carpet transfers electrons to your shoes each time you put down your foot. The transfer of electrons results in you becoming negatively charged and the carpet becoming positively charged. [SEP] the carpet transfers electrons to your shoes each time you put down your foot .
Friction between the balloon and hair cause electrons from the hair to rub off on the balloon. Thats because a balloon attracts electrons more strongly than hair does. After the transfer of electrons, the balloon becomes negatively charged and the hair becomes positively charged. [SEP] a balloon attracts electrons more strongly than hair does .
Friction between the balloon and hair cause electrons from the hair to rub off on the balloon. Thats because a balloon attracts electrons more strongly than hair does. After the transfer of electrons, the balloon becomes negatively charged and the hair becomes positively charged. [SEP] between the balloon and hair cause electrons from the hair to rub off on the balloon . Thats
After the transfer of electrons, the balloon becomes negatively charged and the hair becomes positively charged. The individual hairs push away from each other and stand on end because like charges repel each other. The balloon and the hair attract each other because opposite charges attract. [SEP] like charges repel each other .
After the transfer of electrons, the balloon becomes negatively charged and the hair becomes positively charged. The individual hairs push away from each other and stand on end because like charges repel each other. The balloon and the hair attract each other because opposite charges attract. [SEP] The individual hairs push away from each other and stand on end
The individual hairs push away from each other and stand on end because like charges repel each other. The balloon and the hair attract each other because opposite charges attract. Electrons are transferred in this way whenever there is friction between materials that differ in their ability to give up or accept electrons. [SEP] opposite charges attract .
The individual hairs push away from each other and stand on end because like charges repel each other. The balloon and the hair attract each other because opposite charges attract. Electrons are transferred in this way whenever there is friction between materials that differ in their ability to give up or accept electrons. [SEP] The balloon and the hair attract each other
Electrons are transferred in this way whenever there is friction between materials that differ in their ability to give up or accept electrons. Q: If you rub a balloon against a wall, it may stick to the wall. Explain why. [SEP] you rub a balloon against a wall
Electrons are transferred in this way whenever there is friction between materials that differ in their ability to give up or accept electrons. Q: If you rub a balloon against a wall, it may stick to the wall. Explain why. [SEP] it may stick to the wall .
 The girl pictured above became negatively charged because electrons flowed from the van de Graaff generator to her. Whenever electrons are transferred between objects, neutral matter becomes charged. [SEP] electrons flowed from the van de Graaff generator to her .
 The girl pictured above became negatively charged because electrons flowed from the van de Graaff generator to her. Whenever electrons are transferred between objects, neutral matter becomes charged. [SEP] The girl pictured above became negatively charged
This occurs even with individual atoms. Atoms are neutral in electric charge because they have the same number of negative electrons as positive protons. However, if atoms lose or gain electrons, they become charged particles called ions. [SEP] they have the same number of negative electrons as positive protons .
This occurs even with individual atoms. Atoms are neutral in electric charge because they have the same number of negative electrons as positive protons. However, if atoms lose or gain electrons, they become charged particles called ions. [SEP] Atoms are neutral in electric charge
Atoms are neutral in electric charge because they have the same number of negative electrons as positive protons. However, if atoms lose or gain electrons, they become charged particles called ions. You can see how this happens in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] atoms lose or gain electrons
Atoms are neutral in electric charge because they have the same number of negative electrons as positive protons. However, if atoms lose or gain electrons, they become charged particles called ions. You can see how this happens in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] they become charged particles called ions .
Q: Transition metals have been called the most typical of all metals. What do you think this means? A: Unlike some other metals, transition metals have the properties that define the metals class. [SEP] What do you think
Q: Transition metals have been called the most typical of all metals. What do you think this means? A: Unlike some other metals, transition metals have the properties that define the metals class. [SEP] A
They are all radioactive. This means that they are unstable, so they decay into different, more stable elements. Many of the actinides do not occur in nature but are made in laboratories. [SEP] This means that they are unstable
They are all radioactive. This means that they are unstable, so they decay into different, more stable elements. Many of the actinides do not occur in nature but are made in laboratories. [SEP] they decay into different , more stable elements .
The direction of the wave is down the length of the rope away from the hand. The rope itself moves up and down as the wave passes through it. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the wave passes through it .
The direction of the wave is down the length of the rope away from the hand. The rope itself moves up and down as the wave passes through it. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] itself moves up and down
 A transverse wave is characterized by the high and low points reached by particles of the medium as the wave passes through. The high points are called crests, and the low points are called troughs. [SEP] the wave passes through .
 A transverse wave is characterized by the high and low points reached by particles of the medium as the wave passes through. The high points are called crests, and the low points are called troughs. [SEP] A transverse wave is characterized by the high and low points reached by particles of the medium
Fluids include liquids and gases. If youve ever tried to push your open hand through the water in a tub or pool, then youve experienced fluid friction. You can feel the resistance of the water against your hand. [SEP] youve ever tried to push your open hand through the water in a tub or pool
Fluids include liquids and gases. If youve ever tried to push your open hand through the water in a tub or pool, then youve experienced fluid friction. You can feel the resistance of the water against your hand. [SEP] youve experienced fluid friction .
Static friction acts on objects when they are resting on a surface. For example, if you are hiking in the woods, there is static friction between your shoes and the trail each time you put down your foot (see Figure 1.1). Without this static friction, your feet would slip out from under you, making it difficult to walk. [SEP] you are hiking in the woods
Static friction acts on objects when they are resting on a surface. For example, if you are hiking in the woods, there is static friction between your shoes and the trail each time you put down your foot (see Figure 1.1). Without this static friction, your feet would slip out from under you, making it difficult to walk. [SEP] there is static friction between your shoes and the trail each time you put down your foot -LRB- see Figure 1.1 -RRB- .
In fact, thats exactly what happens if you try to walk on ice. Thats because ice is very slippery and offers very little friction. Q: Can you think of other examples of static friction? [SEP] ice is very slippery and offers very little friction .
In fact, thats exactly what happens if you try to walk on ice. Thats because ice is very slippery and offers very little friction. Q: Can you think of other examples of static friction? [SEP] fact , thats exactly what happens if you try to walk on ice . Thats
: There is sliding friction between the brake pads and bike rims each time you use your bikes brakes. This friction slows the rolling wheels so you can stop.  [SEP] This friction slows the rolling wheels
: There is sliding friction between the brake pads and bike rims each time you use your bikes brakes. This friction slows the rolling wheels so you can stop.  [SEP] you can stop .
The speed of sound waves through ocean water is 1437 m/s. Therefore, the distance from the ship to the submarine is: Q: Now assume that the sonar device on the ship sends an ultrasound wave to the bottom of the water. If the sound wave is reflected back to the device in 4 seconds, how deep is the water? [SEP] The speed of sound waves through ocean water is 1437 m/s
The speed of sound waves through ocean water is 1437 m/s. Therefore, the distance from the ship to the submarine is: Q: Now assume that the sonar device on the ship sends an ultrasound wave to the bottom of the water. If the sound wave is reflected back to the device in 4 seconds, how deep is the water? [SEP] the distance from the ship to the submarine is : Q : Now assume that the sonar device on the ship sends an ultrasound wave to the bottom of the water .
A: The time it takes the wave to reach the bottom is 2 seconds. So the distance from the ship to the bottom of the water is: Distance = 1437 m/s   [SEP] it takes the wave to reach the bottom is 2 seconds
A: The time it takes the wave to reach the bottom is 2 seconds. So the distance from the ship to the bottom of the water is: Distance = 1437 m/s   [SEP] the distance from the ship to the bottom of the water is : Distance = 1437
It is burned in acetylene torches, like the one pictured in the Figure 1.4. The flame of an acetylene torch is so hot that it can melt metal. Cutting metal with an acetylene (ethyne) torch. [SEP] The flame of an acetylene torch is so hot
It is burned in acetylene torches, like the one pictured in the Figure 1.4. The flame of an acetylene torch is so hot that it can melt metal. Cutting metal with an acetylene (ethyne) torch. [SEP] it can melt metal .
Alkenes with the same atoms but different shapes are called isomers. Smaller alkenes have relatively high boiling and melting points, so they are gases at room temperature. Larger alkenes have lower boiling and melting points, so they are liquids or waxy solids at room temperature. [SEP] Smaller alkenes have relatively high boiling and melting points
Alkenes with the same atoms but different shapes are called isomers. Smaller alkenes have relatively high boiling and melting points, so they are gases at room temperature. Larger alkenes have lower boiling and melting points, so they are liquids or waxy solids at room temperature. [SEP] they are gases at room temperature .
Smaller alkenes have relatively high boiling and melting points, so they are gases at room temperature. Larger alkenes have lower boiling and melting points, so they are liquids or waxy solids at room temperature. The bananas on the left were stored in a special bag that absorbs ethene. [SEP] Larger alkenes have lower boiling and melting points
Smaller alkenes have relatively high boiling and melting points, so they are gases at room temperature. Larger alkenes have lower boiling and melting points, so they are liquids or waxy solids at room temperature. The bananas on the left were stored in a special bag that absorbs ethene. [SEP] they are liquids or waxy solids at room temperature .
A: A carbon atom always forms four covalent bonds. Carbon atoms with double or triple bonds are unable to bond with as many hydrogen atoms as they could if they were joined only by single bonds. This makes them unsaturated with hydrogen atoms. [SEP] they were joined only by single bonds .
A: A carbon atom always forms four covalent bonds. Carbon atoms with double or triple bonds are unable to bond with as many hydrogen atoms as they could if they were joined only by single bonds. This makes them unsaturated with hydrogen atoms. [SEP] Carbon atoms with double or triple bonds are unable to bond with as many hydrogen atoms as they could
 The table salt pictured in the Figure 1.3 contains two elements that are so reactive they are rarely found alone in nature. Instead, they undergo chemical reactions with other elements and form compounds. [SEP] The table salt pictured in the Figure 1.3 contains two elements that are
 The table salt pictured in the Figure 1.3 contains two elements that are so reactive they are rarely found alone in nature. Instead, they undergo chemical reactions with other elements and form compounds. [SEP] reactive they are rarely found alone in
An atom of a group 1 element such as sodium has just one valence electron. It is eager to give up this electron in order to have a full outer energy level, because this will give it the most stable arrangement of electrons. You can see how this happens in the animation at the following URL and in the Figure 1.4. [SEP] this will give it the most stable arrangement of electrons .
An atom of a group 1 element such as sodium has just one valence electron. It is eager to give up this electron in order to have a full outer energy level, because this will give it the most stable arrangement of electrons. You can see how this happens in the animation at the following URL and in the Figure 1.4. [SEP] It is eager to give up this electron in order to have a full outer energy level
You can see how this happens in the animation at the following URL and in the Figure 1.4. Group 2 elements with two valence electrons are almost as reactive as elements in group 1 for the same reason. Q: Why does chlorine accept the electron from sodium? [SEP] Group 2 elements with two valence electrons are almost as reactive as elements in group 1
You can see how this happens in the animation at the following URL and in the Figure 1.4. Group 2 elements with two valence electrons are almost as reactive as elements in group 1 for the same reason. Q: Why does chlorine accept the electron from sodium? [SEP] . Q : Why does chlorine accept the electron from
It is eager to gain an extra electron to fill its outer energy level and gain stability. Group 16 elements with six valence electrons are almost as reactive for the same reason. Atoms of group 18 elements have eight valence electrons (or two in the case of helium). [SEP] Group 16 elements with six valence electrons are almost as reactive
It is eager to gain an extra electron to fill its outer energy level and gain stability. Group 16 elements with six valence electrons are almost as reactive for the same reason. Atoms of group 18 elements have eight valence electrons (or two in the case of helium). [SEP] . Atoms of group 18 elements have eight valence electrons -LRB- or two in the case of helium -RRB-
Atoms of group 18 elements have eight valence electrons (or two in the case of helium). These elements already have a full outer energy level, so they are very stable. As a result, they rarely if ever react with other elements. [SEP] These elements already have a full outer energy level
Atoms of group 18 elements have eight valence electrons (or two in the case of helium). These elements already have a full outer energy level, so they are very stable. As a result, they rarely if ever react with other elements. [SEP] they are very stable .
These elements already have a full outer energy level, so they are very stable. As a result, they rarely if ever react with other elements. Elements in other groups vary in their reactivity but are generally less reactive than elements in groups 1, 2, 16, or 17. [SEP] elements already have a full outer energy level , so they are very stable
These elements already have a full outer energy level, so they are very stable. As a result, they rarely if ever react with other elements. Elements in other groups vary in their reactivity but are generally less reactive than elements in groups 1, 2, 16, or 17. [SEP] they rarely if ever react with other elements .
: Find calcium (Ca) in the periodic table (see Figure 1.1). Based on its position in the table, how reactive do you think calcium is? Name another element with which calcium might react. [SEP] its position in the table
: Find calcium (Ca) in the periodic table (see Figure 1.1). Based on its position in the table, how reactive do you think calcium is? Name another element with which calcium might react. [SEP] how reactive do you think calcium is ?
A: Calcium is a group 2 element with two valence electrons. Therefore, it is very reactive and gives up electrons in chemical reactions. It is likely to react with an element with six valence electrons that wants to gain two electrons. [SEP] : Calcium is a group 2 element with two valence electrons
A: Calcium is a group 2 element with two valence electrons. Therefore, it is very reactive and gives up electrons in chemical reactions. It is likely to react with an element with six valence electrons that wants to gain two electrons. [SEP] it is very reactive and gives up electrons in chemical reactions .
Q: Based on both periodic tables above (Figures 1.1 and 1.2), what are examples of elements that have just one valence electron? What are examples of elements that have eight valence electrons? [SEP] both periodic tables above -LRB- Figures 1.1 and 1.2 -RRB-
Q: Based on both periodic tables above (Figures 1.1 and 1.2), what are examples of elements that have just one valence electron? What are examples of elements that have eight valence electrons? [SEP] what are examples of elements that have just one valence
 Because valence electrons are so important, atoms are often represented by simple diagrams that show only their valence electrons. These are called electron dot diagrams, and three are shown below. [SEP] Because valence electrons are so important
 Because valence electrons are so important, atoms are often represented by simple diagrams that show only their valence electrons. These are called electron dot diagrams, and three are shown below. [SEP] show only their valence electrons .
In this type of diagram, an elements chemical symbol is surrounded by dots that represent the valence electrons. Typically, the dots are drawn as if there is a square surrounding the element symbol with up to two dots per side. An element never has more than eight valence electrons, so there cant be more than eight dots per atom. [SEP] there is a square surrounding the element symbol with up to two dots per side .
In this type of diagram, an elements chemical symbol is surrounded by dots that represent the valence electrons. Typically, the dots are drawn as if there is a square surrounding the element symbol with up to two dots per side. An element never has more than eight valence electrons, so there cant be more than eight dots per atom. [SEP] Typically , the dots are drawn as
Typically, the dots are drawn as if there is a square surrounding the element symbol with up to two dots per side. An element never has more than eight valence electrons, so there cant be more than eight dots per atom. Q: Carbon (C) has four valence electrons. [SEP] An element never has more than eight valence electrons
Typically, the dots are drawn as if there is a square surrounding the element symbol with up to two dots per side. An element never has more than eight valence electrons, so there cant be more than eight dots per atom. Q: Carbon (C) has four valence electrons. [SEP] there cant be more than eight dots per atom .
Valence electrons are generally the electrons that are farthest from the nucleus. As a result, they may be attracted as much or more by the nucleus of another atom than they are by their own nucleus.  [SEP] Valence electrons are generally the electrons that are farthest from the nucleus
Valence electrons are generally the electrons that are farthest from the nucleus. As a result, they may be attracted as much or more by the nucleus of another atom than they are by their own nucleus.  [SEP] they may be attracted as much or more by the nucleus of another atom than they are by their own nucleus .
The copper wires in the cable in the Figure 1.5 are coated with plastic. Copper is an excellent conductor of electricity, so it is used for wires that carry electric current. Plastic contains mainly carbon, which cannot conduct electricity, so it is used as insulation on the wires. [SEP] Copper is an excellent conductor of electricity
The copper wires in the cable in the Figure 1.5 are coated with plastic. Copper is an excellent conductor of electricity, so it is used for wires that carry electric current. Plastic contains mainly carbon, which cannot conduct electricity, so it is used as insulation on the wires. [SEP] it is used for wires that carry electric current .
Copper is an excellent conductor of electricity, so it is used for wires that carry electric current. Plastic contains mainly carbon, which cannot conduct electricity, so it is used as insulation on the wires. Q: Why do copper and carbon differ in their ability to conduct electricity? [SEP] Plastic contains mainly carbon , which can not conduct electricity
Copper is an excellent conductor of electricity, so it is used for wires that carry electric current. Plastic contains mainly carbon, which cannot conduct electricity, so it is used as insulation on the wires. Q: Why do copper and carbon differ in their ability to conduct electricity? [SEP] it is used as insulation on the wires .
They represent objects moving at the same speed but in different directions. Arrow C is shorter than arrow A or B but points in the same direction as arrow A. It represents an object moving at a slower speed than A or B but in the same direction as A. [SEP] arrow A. It represents an object moving at a slower speed than A or B but in the
They represent objects moving at the same speed but in different directions. Arrow C is shorter than arrow A or B but points in the same direction as arrow A. It represents an object moving at a slower speed than A or B but in the same direction as A. [SEP] Arrow C is shorter than arrow A or B but points in the same direction
 Objects have the same velocity only if they are moving at the same speed and in the same direction. Objects moving at different speeds, in different directions, or both have different velocities. [SEP] they are moving at the same speed and in the same direction .
 Objects have the same velocity only if they are moving at the same speed and in the same direction. Objects moving at different speeds, in different directions, or both have different velocities. [SEP] Objects have the same velocity only
Look again at arrows A and B from the Figure 1.1. They represent objects that have different velocities only because they are moving in different directions. A and C represent objects that have different velocities only because they are moving at different speeds. [SEP] they are moving in different directions .
Look again at arrows A and B from the Figure 1.1. They represent objects that have different velocities only because they are moving in different directions. A and C represent objects that have different velocities only because they are moving at different speeds. [SEP] They represent objects that have different velocities
They represent objects that have different velocities only because they are moving in different directions. A and C represent objects that have different velocities only because they are moving at different speeds. Objects represented by B and C have different velocities because they are moving in different directions and at different speeds. [SEP] they are moving at different speeds .
They represent objects that have different velocities only because they are moving in different directions. A and C represent objects that have different velocities only because they are moving at different speeds. Objects represented by B and C have different velocities because they are moving in different directions and at different speeds. [SEP] A and C represent objects that have different velocities
A and C represent objects that have different velocities only because they are moving at different speeds. Objects represented by B and C have different velocities because they are moving in different directions and at different speeds. Q: Jerod is riding his bike at a constant speed. [SEP] they are moving in different directions and at different speeds .
A and C represent objects that have different velocities only because they are moving at different speeds. Objects represented by B and C have different velocities because they are moving in different directions and at different speeds. Q: Jerod is riding his bike at a constant speed. [SEP] Objects represented by B and C have different velocities
Q: Jerod is riding his bike at a constant speed. As he rides down his street he is moving from east to west. At the end of the block, he turns right and starts moving from south to north, but hes still traveling at the same speed. [SEP] he rides down his street he is moving from east to west .
Q: Jerod is riding his bike at a constant speed. As he rides down his street he is moving from east to west. At the end of the block, he turns right and starts moving from south to north, but hes still traveling at the same speed. [SEP] : Jerod is riding his bike at a constant speed .
Has his velocity changed? A: Although Jerods speed hasnt changed, his velocity has changed because he is moving in a different direction. Q: How could you use vector arrows to represent Jerods velocity and how it changes? [SEP] he is moving in a different direction .
Has his velocity changed? A: Although Jerods speed hasnt changed, his velocity has changed because he is moving in a different direction. Q: How could you use vector arrows to represent Jerods velocity and how it changes? [SEP] A : Although Jerods speed hasnt changed , his velocity has changed
 You can calculate the average velocity of a moving object that is not changing direction by dividing the distance the object travels by the time it takes to travel that distance. You would use this formula: velocity = distance time [SEP] dividing the distance the object travels by the time it takes to travel that distance
 You can calculate the average velocity of a moving object that is not changing direction by dividing the distance the object travels by the time it takes to travel that distance. You would use this formula: velocity = distance time [SEP] You can calculate the average velocity of a moving object that is not changing direction
You would use this formula: velocity = distance time This is the same formula that is used for calculating average speed. It represents velocity only if the answer also includes the direction that the object is traveling. [SEP] calculating average speed
You would use this formula: velocity = distance time This is the same formula that is used for calculating average speed. It represents velocity only if the answer also includes the direction that the object is traveling. [SEP] This is the same formula that is used
This is the same formula that is used for calculating average speed. It represents velocity only if the answer also includes the direction that the object is traveling. Lets work through a sample problem. [SEP] the answer also includes the direction that the object is traveling .
This is the same formula that is used for calculating average speed. It represents velocity only if the answer also includes the direction that the object is traveling. Lets work through a sample problem. [SEP] It represents velocity only
Note that the answer is given in the SI unit for velocity, which is m/s, and it includes the direction that the dog is traveling. Q: What would the dogs velocity be if it ran the same distance in the opposite direction but covered the distance in 24 seconds? A: [SEP] it ran the same distance in the opposite direction but covered the distance in 24 seconds ?
Note that the answer is given in the SI unit for velocity, which is m/s, and it includes the direction that the dog is traveling. Q: What would the dogs velocity be if it ran the same distance in the opposite direction but covered the distance in 24 seconds? A: [SEP] would the dogs velocity be
In a velocity-time graph, acceleration is represented by the slope, or steepness, of the graph line. If the line slopes upward, like the line between 0 and 4 seconds in the Figure 1.1, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between 4 and 7 seconds, velocity is constant and acceleration is zero. [SEP] If the line slopes upward , like the line between 0 and 4 seconds in the Figure 1.1 , velocity is increasing
In a velocity-time graph, acceleration is represented by the slope, or steepness, of the graph line. If the line slopes upward, like the line between 0 and 4 seconds in the Figure 1.1, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between 4 and 7 seconds, velocity is constant and acceleration is zero. [SEP] acceleration is positive .
In a velocity-time graph, acceleration is represented by the slope, or steepness, of the graph line. If the line slopes upward, like the line between 0 and 4 seconds in the Figure 1.1, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between 4 and 7 seconds, velocity is constant and acceleration is zero. [SEP] the line slopes upward
In a velocity-time graph, acceleration is represented by the slope, or steepness, of the graph line. If the line slopes upward, like the line between 0 and 4 seconds in the Figure 1.1, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between 4 and 7 seconds, velocity is constant and acceleration is zero. [SEP] like the line between 0 and 4 seconds in the Figure 1.1 , velocity is increasing
If the line slopes upward, like the line between 0 and 4 seconds in the Figure 1.1, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between 4 and 7 seconds, velocity is constant and acceleration is zero. If the line slopes downward, like the line between 7 and 10 seconds, velocity is decreasing and acceleration is negative. [SEP] it is between 4 and 7 seconds , velocity is constant and acceleration
If the line slopes upward, like the line between 0 and 4 seconds in the Figure 1.1, velocity is increasing, so acceleration is positive. If the line is horizontal, as it is between 4 and 7 seconds, velocity is constant and acceleration is zero. If the line slopes downward, like the line between 7 and 10 seconds, velocity is decreasing and acceleration is negative. [SEP] the line is horizontal
If the line is horizontal, as it is between 4 and 7 seconds, velocity is constant and acceleration is zero. If the line slopes downward, like the line between 7 and 10 seconds, velocity is decreasing and acceleration is negative. Negative acceleration is called deceleration. [SEP] the line slopes downward
If the line is horizontal, as it is between 4 and 7 seconds, velocity is constant and acceleration is zero. If the line slopes downward, like the line between 7 and 10 seconds, velocity is decreasing and acceleration is negative. Negative acceleration is called deceleration. [SEP] like the line between 7 and 10 seconds , velocity is decreasing and acceleration is negative
Examples of transparent matter include air, pure water, and clear glass. You can see clearly through transparent objects, such as the top panes of the window 1.4, because just about all of the light that strikes them passes through to the other side. Translucent matter is matter that transmits light but scatters the light as it passes through. [SEP] just about all of the light that strikes them passes through to the other
Examples of transparent matter include air, pure water, and clear glass. You can see clearly through transparent objects, such as the top panes of the window 1.4, because just about all of the light that strikes them passes through to the other side. Translucent matter is matter that transmits light but scatters the light as it passes through. [SEP] You can see clearly through transparent objects , such as the top panes of the window 1.4
You can see clearly through transparent objects, such as the top panes of the window 1.4, because just about all of the light that strikes them passes through to the other side. Translucent matter is matter that transmits light but scatters the light as it passes through. Light passes through translucent objects but you cannot see clearly through them because the light is scattered in all directions. [SEP] it passes through .
You can see clearly through transparent objects, such as the top panes of the window 1.4, because just about all of the light that strikes them passes through to the other side. Translucent matter is matter that transmits light but scatters the light as it passes through. Light passes through translucent objects but you cannot see clearly through them because the light is scattered in all directions. [SEP] Translucent matter is matter that transmits light but scatters the light
Translucent matter is matter that transmits light but scatters the light as it passes through. Light passes through translucent objects but you cannot see clearly through them because the light is scattered in all directions. The frosted glass panes at the bottom of the window 1.4 are translucent. [SEP] the light is scattered in all directions .
Translucent matter is matter that transmits light but scatters the light as it passes through. Light passes through translucent objects but you cannot see clearly through them because the light is scattered in all directions. The frosted glass panes at the bottom of the window 1.4 are translucent. [SEP] Light passes through translucent objects but you can not see clearly through them
Opaque matter is matter that does not let any light pass through it. Matter may be opaque because it absorbs light, reflects light, or does some combination of both. Examples of opaque objects are objects made of wood, like the shutters in the Figure 1.5. [SEP] it absorbs light
Opaque matter is matter that does not let any light pass through it. Matter may be opaque because it absorbs light, reflects light, or does some combination of both. Examples of opaque objects are objects made of wood, like the shutters in the Figure 1.5. [SEP] reflects light , or does some combination of both .
The glass mirror 1.5 is also opaque. Thats because it reflects all of the light that strikes it.  [SEP] it reflects all of the light that strikes it .
The glass mirror 1.5 is also opaque. Thats because it reflects all of the light that strikes it.  [SEP] The glass mirror 1.5 is also opaque . Thats
Transmission of light occurs when light passes through matter. As light is transmitted, it may pass straight through matter or it may be refracted or scattered as it passes through. When light is refracted, it changes direction as it passes into a new medium and changes speed. [SEP] light is transmitted , it may pass straight through matter or it
Transmission of light occurs when light passes through matter. As light is transmitted, it may pass straight through matter or it may be refracted or scattered as it passes through. When light is refracted, it changes direction as it passes into a new medium and changes speed. [SEP] Transmission of light occurs when light passes through matter .
As light is transmitted, it may pass straight through matter or it may be refracted or scattered as it passes through. When light is refracted, it changes direction as it passes into a new medium and changes speed. The straw in the Figure 1.2 looks bent where light travels from water to air. [SEP] it passes into a new medium and changes speed .
As light is transmitted, it may pass straight through matter or it may be refracted or scattered as it passes through. When light is refracted, it changes direction as it passes into a new medium and changes speed. The straw in the Figure 1.2 looks bent where light travels from water to air. [SEP] When light is refracted , it changes direction
When light is absorbed, the added energy increases the temperature of matter. If you get into a car that has been sitting in the sun all day, the seats and other parts of the cars interior may be almost too hot to touch, especially if they are black or very dark in color. Thats because dark colors absorb most of the sunlight that strikes them. [SEP] you get into a car that has been sitting in the sun all day
When light is absorbed, the added energy increases the temperature of matter. If you get into a car that has been sitting in the sun all day, the seats and other parts of the cars interior may be almost too hot to touch, especially if they are black or very dark in color. Thats because dark colors absorb most of the sunlight that strikes them. [SEP] the seats and other parts of the cars interior may be almost too hot to touch , especially if they are black or very dark in color .
When light is absorbed, the added energy increases the temperature of matter. If you get into a car that has been sitting in the sun all day, the seats and other parts of the cars interior may be almost too hot to touch, especially if they are black or very dark in color. Thats because dark colors absorb most of the sunlight that strikes them. [SEP] they are black or very dark in color .
When light is absorbed, the added energy increases the temperature of matter. If you get into a car that has been sitting in the sun all day, the seats and other parts of the cars interior may be almost too hot to touch, especially if they are black or very dark in color. Thats because dark colors absorb most of the sunlight that strikes them. [SEP] the seats and other parts of the cars interior may be almost too hot to touch , especially
If you get into a car that has been sitting in the sun all day, the seats and other parts of the cars interior may be almost too hot to touch, especially if they are black or very dark in color. Thats because dark colors absorb most of the sunlight that strikes them. Q: In hot sunny climates, people often dress in light-colored clothes. [SEP] dark colors absorb most of the sunlight that strikes them .
If you get into a car that has been sitting in the sun all day, the seats and other parts of the cars interior may be almost too hot to touch, especially if they are black or very dark in color. Thats because dark colors absorb most of the sunlight that strikes them. Q: In hot sunny climates, people often dress in light-colored clothes. [SEP] you get into a car that has been sitting in the sun all day , the seats and other parts of the cars interior may be almost too hot to touch , especially if they are black or very dark in color . Thats
Why is this a good idea? A: Light-colored clothes absorb less light and reflect more light than dark-colored clothes, so they keep people cooler.  [SEP] : Light-colored clothes absorb less light and reflect more light than dark-colored clothes
Why is this a good idea? A: Light-colored clothes absorb less light and reflect more light than dark-colored clothes, so they keep people cooler.  [SEP] they keep people cooler .
Reflection may be regular or diffuse. If the surface is very smooth, like a mirror, the reflected light forms a very clear image. This is called regular, or specular, reflection. [SEP] the surface is very smooth
Reflection may be regular or diffuse. If the surface is very smooth, like a mirror, the reflected light forms a very clear image. This is called regular, or specular, reflection. [SEP] like a mirror , the reflected light forms a very clear image .
In the Figure 1.1, the smooth surface of the still water in the pond on the left reflects light in this way. When light is reflected from a rough surface, the waves of light are reflected in many different directions, so a clear image does not form. This is called diffuse reflection. [SEP] When light is reflected from a rough surface , the waves of light are reflected in many different directions
In the Figure 1.1, the smooth surface of the still water in the pond on the left reflects light in this way. When light is reflected from a rough surface, the waves of light are reflected in many different directions, so a clear image does not form. This is called diffuse reflection. [SEP] a clear image does not form .
The structures of the human eye are shown in the Figure 1.1. Examine each structure in the diagram as you read about it below. The sclera, also known as the white of the eye, is an opaque outer covering that protects the eye. [SEP] you read about it below .
The structures of the human eye are shown in the Figure 1.1. Examine each structure in the diagram as you read about it below. The sclera, also known as the white of the eye, is an opaque outer covering that protects the eye. [SEP] The structures of the human eye are shown in the Figure 1.1 . Examine each structure in the diagram
The pupil is an opening in the front of the eye. It looks black because it doesnt reflect any light. All the light passes through it instead. [SEP] it doesnt reflect any light .
The pupil is an opening in the front of the eye. It looks black because it doesnt reflect any light. All the light passes through it instead. [SEP] It looks black
It fine-tunes the focus so an image forms on the retina at the back of the eye. Tiny muscles control the shape of the lens to focus images of close or distant objects. [SEP] fine-tunes the focus
It fine-tunes the focus so an image forms on the retina at the back of the eye. Tiny muscles control the shape of the lens to focus images of close or distant objects. [SEP] an image forms on the retina at the back of the eye .
Q: The lens of the eye is a convex lens. How would vision be affected if the lens of the eye was concave instead of convex? A: [SEP] the lens of the eye was concave instead of convex ?
Q: The lens of the eye is a convex lens. How would vision be affected if the lens of the eye was concave instead of convex? A: [SEP] would vision be affected
It forms a virtual image on the same side of the lens at the object being viewed. Therefore, a concave lens would focus the image in front of the eye, not on the retina inside the eye. No signals would be sent to the brain [SEP] It forms a virtual image on the same side of the lens at the object being viewed
It forms a virtual image on the same side of the lens at the object being viewed. Therefore, a concave lens would focus the image in front of the eye, not on the retina inside the eye. No signals would be sent to the brain [SEP] a concave lens would focus the image in front of the eye , not on the retina inside the eye .
No signals would be sent to the brain so vision would not be possible.  [SEP] No signals would be sent to the brain
No signals would be sent to the brain so vision would not be possible.  [SEP] vision would not be possible .
This ability depends on more than healthy eyes. It also depends on certain parts of the brain, because the brain and eyes work together to allow us to see. The eyes collect and focus visible light. [SEP] the brain and eyes work together to allow us to see .
This ability depends on more than healthy eyes. It also depends on certain parts of the brain, because the brain and eyes work together to allow us to see. The eyes collect and focus visible light. [SEP] It also depends on certain parts of the brain
The lens and other structures of the eye work together to focus an image on the retina. The image is upside-down and reduced in size, as you can see in the Figure 1.2. Cells in the retina change the image to electrical signals that travel to the brain through the optic nerve. [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.2 .
The lens and other structures of the eye work together to focus an image on the retina. The image is upside-down and reduced in size, as you can see in the Figure 1.2. Cells in the retina change the image to electrical signals that travel to the brain through the optic nerve. [SEP] The image is upside-down and reduced in size
It also interprets the image as though it were right-side up. The brain does this automatically, so what we see always appears right-side up. The brain also interprets what we are seeing. [SEP] The brain does this automatically
It also interprets the image as though it were right-side up. The brain does this automatically, so what we see always appears right-side up. The brain also interprets what we are seeing. [SEP] what we see always appears right-side up .
Many people have problems with their vision, or ability to see. Often, the problem is due to the shape of the eyes and how they focus light. Two of the most common vision problems are nearsightedness and farsightedness, which you can read about below. [SEP] the shape of the eyes and how they focus light
Many people have problems with their vision, or ability to see. Often, the problem is due to the shape of the eyes and how they focus light. Two of the most common vision problems are nearsightedness and farsightedness, which you can read about below. [SEP] the problem
It occurs when the eyeball is shorter than normal (see Figure 1.2). This causes images to be focused in a spot that would fall behind the retina (if light could pass through the retina). Hyperopia can be corrected with convex lenses. [SEP] light could pass through the retina
It occurs when the eyeball is shorter than normal (see Figure 1.2). This causes images to be focused in a spot that would fall behind the retina (if light could pass through the retina). Hyperopia can be corrected with convex lenses. [SEP] This causes images to be focused in a spot that would fall behind the retina -LRB-
Hyperopia can be corrected with convex lenses. The lenses focus images farther forward in the eye, so they fall on the retina instead of behind it. Q: Joey has hyperopia. [SEP] The lenses focus images farther forward in the eye
Hyperopia can be corrected with convex lenses. The lenses focus images farther forward in the eye, so they fall on the retina instead of behind it. Q: Joey has hyperopia. [SEP] they fall on the retina instead of behind it .
With hyperopia, Joey is farsighted. He can probably see the TV more clearly than the words in a book because the TV is farther away. Therefore, he is more likely to need his glasses when he reads than when he watches TV. [SEP] the TV is farther away .
With hyperopia, Joey is farsighted. He can probably see the TV more clearly than the words in a book because the TV is farther away. Therefore, he is more likely to need his glasses when he reads than when he watches TV. [SEP] He can probably see the TV more clearly than the words in a book
He can probably see the TV more clearly than the words in a book because the TV is farther away. Therefore, he is more likely to need his glasses when he reads than when he watches TV.  [SEP] He can probably see the TV more clearly than the words in a book because the TV is farther away
He can probably see the TV more clearly than the words in a book because the TV is farther away. Therefore, he is more likely to need his glasses when he reads than when he watches TV.  [SEP] he is more likely to need his glasses when he reads than when he watches TV .
Myopia can be corrected with concave lenses. The lenses focus images farther back in the eye, so they fall on the retina instead of in front of it. Q: Sometimes squinting the eyes can help someone see more clearly. [SEP] The lenses focus images farther back in the eye
Myopia can be corrected with concave lenses. The lenses focus images farther back in the eye, so they fall on the retina instead of in front of it. Q: Sometimes squinting the eyes can help someone see more clearly. [SEP] they fall on the retina instead of in front of it .
The number of waves that pass a fixed point in a given amount of time is wave frequency. Wave frequency can be measured by counting the number of crests (high points) of waves that pass the fixed point in 1 second or some other time period. The higher the number is, the greater the frequency of the waves. [SEP] counting the number of crests -LRB- high points -RRB- of waves that pass the fixed point in 1 second or some other time period
The number of waves that pass a fixed point in a given amount of time is wave frequency. Wave frequency can be measured by counting the number of crests (high points) of waves that pass the fixed point in 1 second or some other time period. The higher the number is, the greater the frequency of the waves. [SEP] Wave frequency can be measured
For example, to generate a higher-frequency wave in a rope, you must move the rope up and down more quickly. This takes more energy, so a higher-frequency wave has more energy than a lower-frequency wave with the same amplitude. You can see examples of different frequencies in the Figure 1.2 (Amplitude is the distance that particles of the medium move when the energy of a wave passes through them.) [SEP] This takes more energy
For example, to generate a higher-frequency wave in a rope, you must move the rope up and down more quickly. This takes more energy, so a higher-frequency wave has more energy than a lower-frequency wave with the same amplitude. You can see examples of different frequencies in the Figure 1.2 (Amplitude is the distance that particles of the medium move when the energy of a wave passes through them.) [SEP] a higher-frequency wave has more energy than a lower-frequency wave with the same amplitude .
For example, an atom of gold has the same melting point as a gold coin. If we could see it, it would have the same color. Elements are also pure substances. [SEP] we could see it
For example, an atom of gold has the same melting point as a gold coin. If we could see it, it would have the same color. Elements are also pure substances. [SEP] it would have the same color .
Elements are also pure substances. This means they are not mixed with anything else. Pure substances such as nickel, hydrogen, and helium make up all kinds of matter. [SEP] Elements are also pure substances
Elements are also pure substances. This means they are not mixed with anything else. Pure substances such as nickel, hydrogen, and helium make up all kinds of matter. [SEP] they
This is much like how atoms combine to become everything we know. If we took only one size and shape of block and put them together, we would make a pure substance. It would be an element. [SEP] we took only one size and shape of block and put them together
This is much like how atoms combine to become everything we know. If we took only one size and shape of block and put them together, we would make a pure substance. It would be an element. [SEP] we would make a pure substance .
It would be an element. If you take apart anything that you have built, those individual parts are like the atoms. With those small parts, you build bigger things. [SEP] you take apart anything that you have built
It would be an element. If you take apart anything that you have built, those individual parts are like the atoms. With those small parts, you build bigger things. [SEP] those individual parts are like the atoms .
The model in Figure above is not to scale. If an atom were the size of a football stadium, the nucleus would be only about the size of a pea. The nucleus, in turn, consists of two types of particles, called protons and neutrons. [SEP] an atom were the size of a football stadium
The model in Figure above is not to scale. If an atom were the size of a football stadium, the nucleus would be only about the size of a pea. The nucleus, in turn, consists of two types of particles, called protons and neutrons. [SEP] the nucleus would be only about the size of a pea .
Atoms have the same number of electrons as protons. As a result, the negative and positive charges "cancel out. " [SEP] Atoms have the same number of electrons as protons
Atoms have the same number of electrons as protons. As a result, the negative and positive charges "cancel out. " [SEP] the negative and positive charges `` cancel out .
 By clicking a link below, you will leave the CK-12 site and open an external site in a new tab. This page will remain open in the original tab. [SEP] clicking a link below
 By clicking a link below, you will leave the CK-12 site and open an external site in a new tab. This page will remain open in the original tab. [SEP] , you will leave the CK-12 site and open an external site in a new tab .
These are waves that appear to be standing still. Standing waves occur because of a combination of constructive and destructive interference. Q: How could you use a rope to produce standing waves? [SEP] Standing waves occur
These are waves that appear to be standing still. Standing waves occur because of a combination of constructive and destructive interference. Q: How could you use a rope to produce standing waves? [SEP] . Q : How could you use a rope to produce standing
The original waves and the reflected waves interfere to produce a standing wave. Try it yourself and see if the waves appear to stand still.  [SEP] the waves appear to stand still .
The original waves and the reflected waves interfere to produce a standing wave. Try it yourself and see if the waves appear to stand still.  [SEP] it yourself and see
The Figure 1.2 shows what happens. As the waves pass through each other, the crests and troughs cancel each other out to produce a wave with zero amplitude.  [SEP] the waves pass through each other , the crests and troughs cancel each other out to produce a wave with zero amplitude .
The Figure 1.2 shows what happens. As the waves pass through each other, the crests and troughs cancel each other out to produce a wave with zero amplitude.  [SEP] The Figure 1.2 shows what happens .
You can see this in the Figure 1.1. As the waves pass through each other, the crests combine to produce a wave with greater amplitude.  [SEP] the waves pass through each other , the crests combine to produce a wave with greater amplitude .
You can see this in the Figure 1.1. As the waves pass through each other, the crests combine to produce a wave with greater amplitude.  [SEP] You can see this in the Figure 1.1 .
We now call such a packet of energy a photon. According to Einstein, a photon resembles a particle but moves like a wave. You can see this in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] Einstein
We now call such a packet of energy a photon. According to Einstein, a photon resembles a particle but moves like a wave. You can see this in the Figure 1.1. [SEP] a photon resembles a particle but moves like a wave .
Sometimes, however, electromagnetic radiation seems to behave like discrete, or separate, particles rather than waves. So does electromagnetic radiation consist of waves or particles?  [SEP] Sometimes , however , electromagnetic radiation seems to behave like discrete , or separate , particles rather than waves
Sometimes, however, electromagnetic radiation seems to behave like discrete, or separate, particles rather than waves. So does electromagnetic radiation consist of waves or particles?  [SEP] does electromagnetic radiation consist of waves or particles ?
You can see the setup of this type of experiment in the Figure 1.2. Using a special camera that was very sensitive to light, they took photos of the light that passed through the slits. The photos revealed tiny pinpoints of light passing through the double slits. [SEP] Using a special camera that was very sensitive to light
You can see the setup of this type of experiment in the Figure 1.2. Using a special camera that was very sensitive to light, they took photos of the light that passed through the slits. The photos revealed tiny pinpoints of light passing through the double slits. [SEP] they took photos of the light that passed through the slits .
This seemed to show that light consists of particles. However, if the camera was exposed to the light for a long time, the pinpoints accumulated in bands that resembled interfering waves. Therefore, the experiment showed that light seems to consist of particles that act like waves. [SEP] the camera was exposed to the light for a long time
This seemed to show that light consists of particles. However, if the camera was exposed to the light for a long time, the pinpoints accumulated in bands that resembled interfering waves. Therefore, the experiment showed that light seems to consist of particles that act like waves. [SEP] the pinpoints accumulated in bands that resembled interfering waves .
However, if the camera was exposed to the light for a long time, the pinpoints accumulated in bands that resembled interfering waves. Therefore, the experiment showed that light seems to consist of particles that act like waves.  [SEP] However , if the camera was exposed to the light for a long time , the pinpoints accumulated in bands that resembled interfering waves
However, if the camera was exposed to the light for a long time, the pinpoints accumulated in bands that resembled interfering waves. Therefore, the experiment showed that light seems to consist of particles that act like waves.  [SEP] the experiment showed that light seems to consist of particles that act like waves .
Speed Frequency Therefore, if you know the speed of a wave and either the wavelength or wave frequency, you can calculate the missing value. For example, suppose that a wave is traveling at a speed of 2 meters per second and has a wavelength of 1 meter. [SEP] you know the speed of a wave and either the wavelength or wave frequency
Speed Frequency Therefore, if you know the speed of a wave and either the wavelength or wave frequency, you can calculate the missing value. For example, suppose that a wave is traveling at a speed of 2 meters per second and has a wavelength of 1 meter. [SEP] you can calculate the missing value .
Generally, waves travel fastest through solids and slowest through gases. Thats because particles are closest together in solids and farthest apart in gases. When particles are farther apart, it takes longer for the energy of the disturbance to pass from particle to particle through the medium. [SEP] particles are closest together in solids and farthest apart in gases .
Generally, waves travel fastest through solids and slowest through gases. Thats because particles are closest together in solids and farthest apart in gases. When particles are farther apart, it takes longer for the energy of the disturbance to pass from particle to particle through the medium. [SEP] , waves travel fastest through solids and slowest through gases . Thats
In this equation, wavelength is measured in meters and frequency is measured in hertz (Hz), or number of waves per second. Therefore, wave speed is given in meters per second, which is the SI unit for speed. Q: If you increase the wavelength of a wave, does the speed of the wave increase as well? [SEP] , wavelength is measured in meters and frequency is measured in hertz -LRB- Hz -RRB- , or number of waves per second
In this equation, wavelength is measured in meters and frequency is measured in hertz (Hz), or number of waves per second. Therefore, wave speed is given in meters per second, which is the SI unit for speed. Q: If you increase the wavelength of a wave, does the speed of the wave increase as well? [SEP] wave speed is given in meters per second , which is the SI unit for speed .
A: Increasing the wavelength of a wave doesnt change its speed. Thats because when wavelength increases, wave frequency decreases. As a result, the product of wavelength and wave frequency is still the same speed. [SEP] when wavelength increases
A: Increasing the wavelength of a wave doesnt change its speed. Thats because when wavelength increases, wave frequency decreases. As a result, the product of wavelength and wave frequency is still the same speed. [SEP] wave frequency decreases .
Thats because when wavelength increases, wave frequency decreases. As a result, the product of wavelength and wave frequency is still the same speed. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] Thats because when wavelength increases , wave frequency decreases
Thats because when wavelength increases, wave frequency decreases. As a result, the product of wavelength and wave frequency is still the same speed. Click image to the left or use the URL below. [SEP] the product of wavelength and wave frequency is still the same speed .
3 m /s Q: Kim made a wave in a spring by pushing and pulling on one end. The wavelength is 0.1 m, and the wave frequency is 2 hertz. [SEP] pushing and pulling on one end
3 m /s Q: Kim made a wave in a spring by pushing and pulling on one end. The wavelength is 0.1 m, and the wave frequency is 2 hertz. [SEP] Kim made a wave in a spring
The wavelength of a longitudinal wave can be measured as the distance between two adjacent compressions, as shown in the Figure 1.2. Compressions are the places where particles of the medium crowd close together as the energy of the wave passes through.  [SEP] the energy of the wave passes through .
The wavelength of a longitudinal wave can be measured as the distance between two adjacent compressions, as shown in the Figure 1.2. Compressions are the places where particles of the medium crowd close together as the energy of the wave passes through.  [SEP] Compressions are the places where particles of the medium crowd close together
A: Violet light has the greatest energy because it has the shortest wavelength.  [SEP] it has the shortest wavelength .
A: Violet light has the greatest energy because it has the shortest wavelength.  [SEP] Violet light has the greatest energy
 A wedge is simple machine that consists of two inclined planes, giving it a thin end and thick end, as you can see in the Figure 1.1. A wedge is used to cut or split apart objects. [SEP] you can see in the Figure 1.1 .
 A wedge is simple machine that consists of two inclined planes, giving it a thin end and thick end, as you can see in the Figure 1.1. A wedge is used to cut or split apart objects. [SEP] A wedge is simple machine that consists of two inclined planes , giving it a thin end and thick end
In the Figure 1.2, a knife is being used to chop tough pecans. The job is easy to do with the knife because of the wedge shape of the blade. The very thin edge of the blade easily enters and cuts through the pecans. [SEP] The job is easy to do with the knife
In the Figure 1.2, a knife is being used to chop tough pecans. The job is easy to do with the knife because of the wedge shape of the blade. The very thin edge of the blade easily enters and cuts through the pecans. [SEP] . The very thin edge of the blade easily enters and cuts through the pecans
It is the ratio of the output force to the input force. A wedge applies more force to the object (output force) than the user applies to the wedge (input force), so the mechanical advantage of a wedge is greater than 1. A longer, thinner wedge has a greater mechanical advantage than a shorter, wider wedge. [SEP] A wedge applies more force to the object -LRB- output force -RRB- than the user applies to the wedge -LRB- input force -RRB-
It is the ratio of the output force to the input force. A wedge applies more force to the object (output force) than the user applies to the wedge (input force), so the mechanical advantage of a wedge is greater than 1. A longer, thinner wedge has a greater mechanical advantage than a shorter, wider wedge. [SEP] the mechanical advantage of a wedge is greater than 1 .
A longer, thinner wedge has a greater mechanical advantage than a shorter, wider wedge. With all wedges, the trade-off is that the output force is applied over a shorter distance, so force may need to be applied to the wedge repeatedly to push it through the object. Q: Which wedge in the Figure 1.3 [SEP] , the trade-off is that the output force is applied over a shorter distance
A longer, thinner wedge has a greater mechanical advantage than a shorter, wider wedge. With all wedges, the trade-off is that the output force is applied over a shorter distance, so force may need to be applied to the wedge repeatedly to push it through the object. Q: Which wedge in the Figure 1.3 [SEP] force may need to be applied to the wedge repeatedly to push it through the object .
A: The wedge on the left has a greater mechanical advantage, so it would do the same amount of work with less input force.  [SEP] The wedge on the left has a greater mechanical advantage
A: The wedge on the left has a greater mechanical advantage, so it would do the same amount of work with less input force.  [SEP] it would do the same amount of work with less input force .
A wheel and axle may either increase or decrease the input force, depending on whether the input force is applied to the axle or the wheel. When the input force is applied to the axle, as it is with a Ferris wheel, the wheel turns with less force. Because the output force is less than the input force, the mechanical advantage is less than 1. [SEP] it is with a Ferris wheel , the wheel turns with less force .
A wheel and axle may either increase or decrease the input force, depending on whether the input force is applied to the axle or the wheel. When the input force is applied to the axle, as it is with a Ferris wheel, the wheel turns with less force. Because the output force is less than the input force, the mechanical advantage is less than 1. [SEP] the input force is applied to the axle
When the input force is applied to the axle, as it is with a Ferris wheel, the wheel turns with less force. Because the output force is less than the input force, the mechanical advantage is less than 1. However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. [SEP] the output force is less than the input force
When the input force is applied to the axle, as it is with a Ferris wheel, the wheel turns with less force. Because the output force is less than the input force, the mechanical advantage is less than 1. However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. [SEP] the mechanical advantage is less than 1 .
Because the output force is less than the input force, the mechanical advantage is less than 1. However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. [SEP] However , the wheel turns over a greater distance
Because the output force is less than the input force, the mechanical advantage is less than 1. However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. [SEP] it turns faster than the axle .
However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. When the input force is applied to the wheel, as it is with a doorknob, the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force, so the mechanical advantage is greater than 1. [SEP] The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is
However, the wheel turns over a greater distance, so it turns faster than the axle. The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. When the input force is applied to the wheel, as it is with a doorknob, the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force, so the mechanical advantage is greater than 1. [SEP] exciting . When the input force is applied to the wheel , as it is with a doorknob , the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force , so the mechanical advantage is greater than
The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. When the input force is applied to the wheel, as it is with a doorknob, the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force, so the mechanical advantage is greater than 1. This allows you to turn the doorknob with relatively little effort, while the axle of the doorknob applies enough force to slide the bar into or out of the doorframe. [SEP] When the input force is applied to the wheel , as it is with a doorknob , the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force
The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. When the input force is applied to the wheel, as it is with a doorknob, the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force, so the mechanical advantage is greater than 1. This allows you to turn the doorknob with relatively little effort, while the axle of the doorknob applies enough force to slide the bar into or out of the doorframe. [SEP] the mechanical advantage is greater than 1 .
The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. When the input force is applied to the wheel, as it is with a doorknob, the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force, so the mechanical advantage is greater than 1. This allows you to turn the doorknob with relatively little effort, while the axle of the doorknob applies enough force to slide the bar into or out of the doorframe. [SEP] it is with a doorknob , the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force
The speed of the wheel is one reason that the Ferris wheel ride is so exciting. When the input force is applied to the wheel, as it is with a doorknob, the axle turns over a shorter distance but with greater force, so the mechanical advantage is greater than 1. This allows you to turn the doorknob with relatively little effort, while the axle of the doorknob applies enough force to slide the bar into or out of the doorframe. [SEP] the input force is applied to the wheel
With a compass, he demonstrated that it the spherical magnet causes a compass needle to behave the same way that Earth causes a compass needle to behave. This showed that a spherical magnet is a good model for Earth and therefore that Earth is a magnet. Q [SEP] This showed that a spherical magnet is a good model for Earth
With a compass, he demonstrated that it the spherical magnet causes a compass needle to behave the same way that Earth causes a compass needle to behave. This showed that a spherical magnet is a good model for Earth and therefore that Earth is a magnet. Q [SEP] that Earth is a
The two weight lifters on the left are lifting the same amount of weight, but the one on the bottom is lifting the weight a greater distance. Therefore, this weight lifter is doing more work. The two weight lifters on the bottom right are both lifting the weight the same distance, but the weight lifter on the left is lifting a heavier weight, so she is doing more work. [SEP] The two weight lifters on the left are lifting the same amount of weight , but the one on the bottom is lifting the weight a greater distance
The two weight lifters on the left are lifting the same amount of weight, but the one on the bottom is lifting the weight a greater distance. Therefore, this weight lifter is doing more work. The two weight lifters on the bottom right are both lifting the weight the same distance, but the weight lifter on the left is lifting a heavier weight, so she is doing more work. [SEP] this weight lifter is doing more work .
Therefore, this weight lifter is doing more work. The two weight lifters on the bottom right are both lifting the weight the same distance, but the weight lifter on the left is lifting a heavier weight, so she is doing more work.  [SEP] The two weight lifters on the bottom right are both lifting the weight the same distance , but the weight lifter on the left is lifting a heavier weight
Therefore, this weight lifter is doing more work. The two weight lifters on the bottom right are both lifting the weight the same distance, but the weight lifter on the left is lifting a heavier weight, so she is doing more work.  [SEP] she is doing more work .
In physics, work means the use of force to move an object. The teens who are playing basketball in the picture above are using force to move their bodies and the basketball, so they are doing work. The teen who is studying isnt moving anything, so she isnt doing work. [SEP] The teens who are playing basketball in the picture above are using force to move their bodies and the basketball
In physics, work means the use of force to move an object. The teens who are playing basketball in the picture above are using force to move their bodies and the basketball, so they are doing work. The teen who is studying isnt moving anything, so she isnt doing work. [SEP] they are doing work .
The teens who are playing basketball in the picture above are using force to move their bodies and the basketball, so they are doing work. The teen who is studying isnt moving anything, so she isnt doing work. Not all force that is used to move an object does work. [SEP] The teen who is studying isnt moving anything
The teens who are playing basketball in the picture above are using force to move their bodies and the basketball, so they are doing work. The teen who is studying isnt moving anything, so she isnt doing work. Not all force that is used to move an object does work. [SEP] she isnt doing work .
For work to be done, the force must be applied in the same direction that the object moves. If a force is applied in a different direction than the object moves, no work is done. The Figure 1.1 illustrates this point. [SEP] a force is applied in a different direction than the object moves
For work to be done, the force must be applied in the same direction that the object moves. If a force is applied in a different direction than the object moves, no work is done. The Figure 1.1 illustrates this point. [SEP] no work is done .
Q: If the box the man is carrying is very heavy, does he do any work as he walks across the room with it? A: [SEP] he walks across the room with it ?
Q: If the box the man is carrying is very heavy, does he do any work as he walks across the room with it? A: [SEP] the box the man is carrying is very heavy , does he do any work
A: Regardless of the weight of the box, the man does no work on it as he holds it while walking across the room. However, he does more work when he first lifts a heavier box to chest height. [SEP] he holds it while walking across the room .
A: Regardless of the weight of the box, the man does no work on it as he holds it while walking across the room. However, he does more work when he first lifts a heavier box to chest height. [SEP] Regardless of the weight of the box , the man does no work on it