Streams often start in mountains, where the land is very steep. You can see an example in Figure 10.4. A mountain stream flows very quickly because of the steep slope. This causes a lot of erosion and very little deposition. The rapidly falling water digs down into the stream bed and makes it deeper. It carves a narrow, V-shaped channel. [SEP] the steep slope
Streams often start in mountains, where the land is very steep. You can see an example in Figure 10.4. A mountain stream flows very quickly because of the steep slope. This causes a lot of erosion and very little deposition. The rapidly falling water digs down into the stream bed and makes it deeper. It carves a narrow, V-shaped channel. [SEP] A mountain stream flows very quickly
Rivers flowing over gentle slopes erode the sides of their channels more than the bottom. Large curves, called meanders, form because of erosion and deposition by the moving water. The curves are called meanders because they slowly wander over the land. You can see how this happens in Figure 10.6. As meanders erode from side to side, they create a floodplain. This is a broad, flat area on both sides of a river. Eventually, a meander may become cut off from the rest of the river. This forms an oxbow lake, like the one in Figure 10.6. [SEP] erosion and deposition by the moving water
Rivers flowing over gentle slopes erode the sides of their channels more than the bottom. Large curves, called meanders, form because of erosion and deposition by the moving water. The curves are called meanders because they slowly wander over the land. You can see how this happens in Figure 10.6. As meanders erode from side to side, they create a floodplain. This is a broad, flat area on both sides of a river. Eventually, a meander may become cut off from the rest of the river. This forms an oxbow lake, like the one in Figure 10.6. [SEP] Large curves, called meanders, form
A flood occurs when a river overflows it banks. This might happen because of heavy rains. Floodplains As the water spreads out over the land, it slows down and drops its sediment. If a river floods often, the floodplain develops a thick layer of rich soil because of all the deposits. Thats why floodplains are usually good places for growing plants. For example, the Nile River in Egypt provides both water and thick sediments for raising crops in the middle of a sandy desert. Natural Levees A flooding river often forms natural levees along its banks. A levee is a raised strip of sediments deposited close to the waters edge. You can see how levees form in Figure 10.8. Levees occur because floodwaters deposit their biggest sediments first when they overflow the rivers banks. [SEP] heavy rains
A flood occurs when a river overflows it banks. This might happen because of heavy rains. Floodplains As the water spreads out over the land, it slows down and drops its sediment. If a river floods often, the floodplain develops a thick layer of rich soil because of all the deposits. Thats why floodplains are usually good places for growing plants. For example, the Nile River in Egypt provides both water and thick sediments for raising crops in the middle of a sandy desert. Natural Levees A flooding river often forms natural levees along its banks. A levee is a raised strip of sediments deposited close to the waters edge. You can see how levees form in Figure 10.8. Levees occur because floodwaters deposit their biggest sediments first when they overflow the rivers banks. [SEP] This might happen
Coastal areas have a milder climate than inland areas. They are warmer in the winter and cooler in the summer. Thats because land near an ocean is influenced by the temperature of the oceans. The temperature of ocean water is moderate and stable. Why? There are two major reasons: 1. Water is much slower to warm up and cool down than land. As a result, oceans never get as hot or as cold as land. 2. Water flows through all the worlds oceans. Warm water from the equator mixes with cold water from the poles. The mixing of warm and cold water makes the water temperature moderate. Even inland temperatures are milder because of oceans. Without oceans, there would be much bigger temperature swings all over Earth. Temperatures might plunge hundreds of degrees below freezing in the winter. In the summer, lakes and seas might boil! Life as we know it could not exist on Earth without the oceans. [SEP] oceans
Coastal areas have a milder climate than inland areas. They are warmer in the winter and cooler in the summer. Thats because land near an ocean is influenced by the temperature of the oceans. The temperature of ocean water is moderate and stable. Why? There are two major reasons: 1. Water is much slower to warm up and cool down than land. As a result, oceans never get as hot or as cold as land. 2. Water flows through all the worlds oceans. Warm water from the equator mixes with cold water from the poles. The mixing of warm and cold water makes the water temperature moderate. Even inland temperatures are milder because of oceans. Without oceans, there would be much bigger temperature swings all over Earth. Temperatures might plunge hundreds of degrees below freezing in the winter. In the summer, lakes and seas might boil! Life as we know it could not exist on Earth without the oceans. [SEP] Even inland temperatures are milder
Winds and surface currents tend to move from the hot equator north or south toward the much cooler poles. Thats because of differences in the temperature of air masses over Earths surface. But Earth is spinning on its axis underneath the wind and water as they move. The Earth rotates from west to east. As a result, winds and currents actually end up moving toward the northeast or southeast. This effect of Earths rotation on the direction of winds and currents is called the Coriolis effect. [SEP] differences in the temperature of air masses over Earths surface
Winds and surface currents tend to move from the hot equator north or south toward the much cooler poles. Thats because of differences in the temperature of air masses over Earths surface. But Earth is spinning on its axis underneath the wind and water as they move. The Earth rotates from west to east. As a result, winds and currents actually end up moving toward the northeast or southeast. This effect of Earths rotation on the direction of winds and currents is called the Coriolis effect. [SEP] Thats
A place might have a different climate than the major climate type around it. This is called a microclimate. Look at Figure 17.15. The south-facing side of the hill gets more direct sunlight than the north side of a hill. This gives the south side a warmer microclimate. A microclimate can be due to a place being deeper. Since cold air sinks, a depression in the land can be a lot colder than the land around it. [SEP] a place being deeper
A place might have a different climate than the major climate type around it. This is called a microclimate. Look at Figure 17.15. The south-facing side of the hill gets more direct sunlight than the north side of a hill. This gives the south side a warmer microclimate. A microclimate can be due to a place being deeper. Since cold air sinks, a depression in the land can be a lot colder than the land around it. [SEP] A microclimate can be
Carbon is an element. By itself, its a black solid. You can see a lump of carbon in Figure 18.10. Carbon is incredibly important because of what it makes when it combines with many other elements. Carbon can form a wide variety of substances. For example, in the air, carbon combines with oxygen to form the gas carbon dioxide. In living things, carbon combines with several other elements. For example, it may combine with nitrogen and [SEP] what it makes when it combines with many other elements
Carbon is an element. By itself, its a black solid. You can see a lump of carbon in Figure 18.10. Carbon is incredibly important because of what it makes when it combines with many other elements. Carbon can form a wide variety of substances. For example, in the air, carbon combines with oxygen to form the gas carbon dioxide. In living things, carbon combines with several other elements. For example, it may combine with nitrogen and [SEP] Carbon is incredibly important
More recently, the death rate has fallen because of the availability of more food and medical advances: A green revolution began in the mid 1900s. New methods and products increased how much food could be grown. For example, chemicals were developed that killed weeds without harming crops. Pesticides were developed that killed pests that destroyed crops. Vaccinations were developed that could prevent many diseases (see Figure 18.19). Antibiotics were discov- ered that could cure most infections caused by bacteria. Together, these two advances saved countless lives. Today in many countries, death rates have gone down but birth rates remain high. This means that the population is growing. Figure 18.20 shows the growth rates of human populations all over the world. [SEP] the availability of more food and medical advances: A green revolution began in the mid 1900s
More recently, the death rate has fallen because of the availability of more food and medical advances: A green revolution began in the mid 1900s. New methods and products increased how much food could be grown. For example, chemicals were developed that killed weeds without harming crops. Pesticides were developed that killed pests that destroyed crops. Vaccinations were developed that could prevent many diseases (see Figure 18.19). Antibiotics were discov- ered that could cure most infections caused by bacteria. Together, these two advances saved countless lives. Today in many countries, death rates have gone down but birth rates remain high. This means that the population is growing. Figure 18.20 shows the growth rates of human populations all over the world. [SEP] More recently, the death rate has fallen
The Montreal Protocol is a worldwide agreement on air pollution. It focuses on CFCs. It was signed by many countries in 1987. It controls almost 100 chemicals that can damage the ozone layer. Its aim is to return the ozone layer to its normal state. The Montreal Protocol has been effective in controlling CFCs. By 1995, few CFCs were still being used. But the ozone hole kept growing for several years after that because of the CFCs already in the atmosphere. It peaked in 2006. Since then, it has been somewhat smaller. [SEP] the CFCs already in the atmosphere
The Montreal Protocol is a worldwide agreement on air pollution. It focuses on CFCs. It was signed by many countries in 1987. It controls almost 100 chemicals that can damage the ozone layer. Its aim is to return the ozone layer to its normal state. The Montreal Protocol has been effective in controlling CFCs. By 1995, few CFCs were still being used. But the ozone hole kept growing for several years after that because of the CFCs already in the atmosphere. It peaked in 2006. Since then, it has been somewhat smaller. [SEP] But the ozone hole kept growing for several years after that
Why do satellites stay in orbit? Why dont they crash into Earth due to the planets gravity? Newtons law of universal gravitation describes what happens. Every object in the universe is attracted to every other object. Gravity makes an apple fall to the ground. Gravity also keeps you from floating away into the sky. Gravity holds the Moon in orbit around Earth. It keeps Earth in orbit around the Sun. Newton used an example to explain how gravity makes orbiting possible. Imagine a cannonball launched from a high mountain, as shown in Figure 23.17. If the cannonball is launched at a slow speed, it will fall back to Earth. This is shown as paths (A) and (B). Something different happens if the cannonball is launched at a fast speed. The Earth below curves away at the same rate that the cannonball falls. The cannonball then goes into a circular orbit, as in path (C). If the cannonball is launched even faster, it could go into an elliptical orbit (D). It might even leave Earths gravity and go into space (E). Unfortunately, Newtons idea would not work in real life. A cannonball launched at a fast speed from Mt. Everest would not go into orbit. The cannonball would burn up in the atmosphere. However, a rocket can launch straight up, then steer into orbit. It wont burn up in the orbit. A rocket can carry a satellite above the atmosphere and then release the satellite into orbit. [SEP] the planets gravity
Why do satellites stay in orbit? Why dont they crash into Earth due to the planets gravity? Newtons law of universal gravitation describes what happens. Every object in the universe is attracted to every other object. Gravity makes an apple fall to the ground. Gravity also keeps you from floating away into the sky. Gravity holds the Moon in orbit around Earth. It keeps Earth in orbit around the Sun. Newton used an example to explain how gravity makes orbiting possible. Imagine a cannonball launched from a high mountain, as shown in Figure 23.17. If the cannonball is launched at a slow speed, it will fall back to Earth. This is shown as paths (A) and (B). Something different happens if the cannonball is launched at a fast speed. The Earth below curves away at the same rate that the cannonball falls. The cannonball then goes into a circular orbit, as in path (C). If the cannonball is launched even faster, it could go into an elliptical orbit (D). It might even leave Earths gravity and go into space (E). Unfortunately, Newtons idea would not work in real life. A cannonball launched at a fast speed from Mt. Everest would not go into orbit. The cannonball would burn up in the atmosphere. However, a rocket can launch straight up, then steer into orbit. It wont burn up in the orbit. A rocket can carry a satellite above the atmosphere and then release the satellite into orbit. [SEP] Why dont they crash into Earth
The USSR launched Sputnik 1 on October 4, 1957. This was the first artificial satellite ever put into orbit. Sputnik 1, shown in Figure 23.20, sent out radio signals, which were detected by scientists and amateur radio operators around the world. The satellite stayed in orbit for about 3 months, until it burned up as a result of friction with Earths atmosphere. The launch of Sputnik 1 started the Space Race between the USSR and the USA. Americans were shocked that the Soviets had the technology to put the satellite into orbit. They worried that the Soviets might also be winning the arms race. On November 3, 1957, the Soviets launched Sputnik 2. This satellite carried the first living creature into orbit, a dog named Laika. [SEP] friction with Earths atmosphere
The USSR launched Sputnik 1 on October 4, 1957. This was the first artificial satellite ever put into orbit. Sputnik 1, shown in Figure 23.20, sent out radio signals, which were detected by scientists and amateur radio operators around the world. The satellite stayed in orbit for about 3 months, until it burned up as a result of friction with Earths atmosphere. The launch of Sputnik 1 started the Space Race between the USSR and the USA. Americans were shocked that the Soviets had the technology to put the satellite into orbit. They worried that the Soviets might also be winning the arms race. On November 3, 1957, the Soviets launched Sputnik 2. This satellite carried the first living creature into orbit, a dog named Laika. [SEP] The satellite stayed in orbit for about 3 months, until it burned up
Since the early 1990s, astronomers have discovered other solar systems. A solar system has one or more planets orbiting one or more stars. We call these planets extrasolar planets, or exoplanets. They are called exoplanets because they orbit a star other than the Sun. As of June 2013, 891 exoplanets have been found. More exoplanets are found all the time. You can check out how many we have found at http://planetquest.jpl.nasa.gov/. We have been able to take pictures of only a few exoplanets. Most are discovered because of some tell-tale signs. One sign is a very slight motion of a star that must be caused by the pull of a planet. Another sign is the partial dimming of a stars light as the planet passes in front of it. [SEP] some tell-tale signs
Since the early 1990s, astronomers have discovered other solar systems. A solar system has one or more planets orbiting one or more stars. We call these planets extrasolar planets, or exoplanets. They are called exoplanets because they orbit a star other than the Sun. As of June 2013, 891 exoplanets have been found. More exoplanets are found all the time. You can check out how many we have found at http://planetquest.jpl.nasa.gov/. We have been able to take pictures of only a few exoplanets. Most are discovered because of some tell-tale signs. One sign is a very slight motion of a star that must be caused by the pull of a planet. Another sign is the partial dimming of a stars light as the planet passes in front of it. [SEP] Most are discovered
Viewed from Earth, Mars is red. This is due to large amounts of iron in the soil. The ancient Greeks and Romans named the planet Mars after the god of war. The planets red color reminded them of blood. Mars has only a very thin atmosphere, made up mostly of carbon dioxide. [SEP] large amounts of iron in the soil
Viewed from Earth, Mars is red. This is due to large amounts of iron in the soil. The ancient Greeks and Romans named the planet Mars after the god of war. The planets red color reminded them of blood. Mars has only a very thin atmosphere, made up mostly of carbon dioxide. [SEP] This is
Uranus is a lot like Jupiter and Saturn. The planet is composed mainly of hydrogen and helium. There is a thick layer of gas on the outside. Further on the inside is liquid. But Uranus has a higher percentage of icy materials than Jupiter and Saturn. These materials include water, ammonia, and methane. Uranus is also different because of its blue-green color. Clouds of methane filter out red light. This leaves a blue-green color. The atmosphere of Uranus has bands of clouds. These clouds are hard to see in normal light. The result is that the planet looks like a plain blue ball. Uranus is the least massive outer planet. Its mass is only about 14 times the mass of Earth. Like all of the outer planets, Uranus is much less dense than Earth. Gravity is actually weaker than on Earths surface. If you were at the top of the clouds on Uranus, you would weigh about 10 percent less than what you weigh on Earth. [SEP] its blue-green color
Uranus is a lot like Jupiter and Saturn. The planet is composed mainly of hydrogen and helium. There is a thick layer of gas on the outside. Further on the inside is liquid. But Uranus has a higher percentage of icy materials than Jupiter and Saturn. These materials include water, ammonia, and methane. Uranus is also different because of its blue-green color. Clouds of methane filter out red light. This leaves a blue-green color. The atmosphere of Uranus has bands of clouds. These clouds are hard to see in normal light. The result is that the planet looks like a plain blue ball. Uranus is the least massive outer planet. Its mass is only about 14 times the mass of Earth. Like all of the outer planets, Uranus is much less dense than Earth. Gravity is actually weaker than on Earths surface. If you were at the top of the clouds on Uranus, you would weigh about 10 percent less than what you weigh on Earth. [SEP] Uranus is also different
Like Uranus, Neptune is blue. The blue color is caused by gases in its atmosphere, including methane. Neptune is not a smooth looking ball like Uranus. The planet has a few darker and lighter spots. When Voyager 2 visited Neptune in 1986, there was a large dark-blue spot south of the equator. This spot was called the Great Dark Spot. When the Hubble Space Telescope photographed Neptune in 1994, the Great Dark Spot had disappeared. Another dark spot had appeared north of the equator. Astronomers believe that both of these spots represent gaps in the methane clouds on Neptune. Neptunes appearance changes due to its turbulent atmosphere. Winds are stronger than on any other planet in the solar system. Wind speeds can reach 1,100 km/h (700 mph). This is close to the speed of sound! The rapid winds surprised astronomers. This is because Neptune receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems. It is not surprising that Neptune is one of the coldest places in the solar system. Temperatures at the top of the clouds are about 218C (360F). [SEP] its turbulent atmosphere
Like Uranus, Neptune is blue. The blue color is caused by gases in its atmosphere, including methane. Neptune is not a smooth looking ball like Uranus. The planet has a few darker and lighter spots. When Voyager 2 visited Neptune in 1986, there was a large dark-blue spot south of the equator. This spot was called the Great Dark Spot. When the Hubble Space Telescope photographed Neptune in 1994, the Great Dark Spot had disappeared. Another dark spot had appeared north of the equator. Astronomers believe that both of these spots represent gaps in the methane clouds on Neptune. Neptunes appearance changes due to its turbulent atmosphere. Winds are stronger than on any other planet in the solar system. Wind speeds can reach 1,100 km/h (700 mph). This is close to the speed of sound! The rapid winds surprised astronomers. This is because Neptune receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems. It is not surprising that Neptune is one of the coldest places in the solar system. Temperatures at the top of the clouds are about 218C (360F). [SEP] Neptunes appearance changes
Asteroids are very small, irregularly shaped, rocky bodies. Asteroids orbit the Sun, but they are more like giant rocks than planets. Since they are small, they do not have enough gravity to become round. They are too small to have an atmosphere. With no internal heat, they are not geologically active. An asteroid can only change due to a collision. A collision may cause the asteroid to break up. It may create craters on the asteroids surface. An asteroid may strike a planet if it comes near enough to be pulled in by its gravity. Figure 25.31 shows a typical asteroid. [SEP] a collision
Asteroids are very small, irregularly shaped, rocky bodies. Asteroids orbit the Sun, but they are more like giant rocks than planets. Since they are small, they do not have enough gravity to become round. They are too small to have an atmosphere. With no internal heat, they are not geologically active. An asteroid can only change due to a collision. A collision may cause the asteroid to break up. It may create craters on the asteroids surface. An asteroid may strike a planet if it comes near enough to be pulled in by its gravity. Figure 25.31 shows a typical asteroid. [SEP] An asteroid can only change
Stars shine because of nuclear fusion. Fusion reactions in the Suns core keep our nearest star burning. Stars are made mostly of hydrogen and helium. Both are very lightweight gases. A star contains so much hydrogen and helium that the weight of these gases is enormous. The pressure at the center of a star is great enough to heat the gases. This causes nuclear fusion reactions. A nuclear fusion reaction is named that because the nuclei (center) of two atoms fuse (join) together. In stars like our Sun, two hydrogen atoms join together to create a helium atom. Nuclear fusion reactions need a lot of energy to get started. Once they begin, they produce even more energy. [SEP] nuclear fusion
Stars shine because of nuclear fusion. Fusion reactions in the Suns core keep our nearest star burning. Stars are made mostly of hydrogen and helium. Both are very lightweight gases. A star contains so much hydrogen and helium that the weight of these gases is enormous. The pressure at the center of a star is great enough to heat the gases. This causes nuclear fusion reactions. A nuclear fusion reaction is named that because the nuclei (center) of two atoms fuse (join) together. In stars like our Sun, two hydrogen atoms join together to create a helium atom. Nuclear fusion reactions need a lot of energy to get started. Once they begin, they produce even more energy. [SEP] Stars shine
The most common way of classifying stars is by color as shown, in Table 26.1. Each class of star is given a letter, a color, and a range of temperatures. The letters dont match the color names because stars were first grouped as A through O. It wasnt until later that their order was corrected to go by increasing temperature. When you try to remember the order, you can use this phrase: Oh Be A Fine Good Kid, Man. Class O Color Blue Temperature range 30,000 K or more Sample Star An artists depiction of the O class star Zeta Pup- pis. B Blue-white 10,00030,000 K An artists depiction of Rigel, a Class B star. Class A Color White Temperature range 7,50010,000 K Sample Star Sirius A is the brightest star that we see in the night sky. The dot on the right, Sirius B, is a white dwarf. F Yellowish-white 6,0007,500 K There are two F class stars in this image, the super- giant Polaris A and Po- laris B. What we see in the night sky as the single star Polaris, we also known as the North Star. G Yellow 5,5006,000 K Our Sun: the most im- portant G class star in the Universe, at least for hu- mans. Class K M Color Orange Red Temperature range 3,5005,000 K 2,0003,500 K Sample Star Arcturus is a Class K star that looks like the Sun but is much larger. There are two types of Class M stars: red dwarfs and red giants. An artists concept of a red dwarf star. Most stars are red dwarfs. The red supergiant Betel- geuse is seen near Orions belt. The blue star in the lower right is the Class B star Rigel. The surface temperature of most stars is due to its size. Bigger stars produce more energy, so their surfaces are hotter. But some very small stars are very hot. Some very big stars are cool. [SEP] its size
The most common way of classifying stars is by color as shown, in Table 26.1. Each class of star is given a letter, a color, and a range of temperatures. The letters dont match the color names because stars were first grouped as A through O. It wasnt until later that their order was corrected to go by increasing temperature. When you try to remember the order, you can use this phrase: Oh Be A Fine Good Kid, Man. Class O Color Blue Temperature range 30,000 K or more Sample Star An artists depiction of the O class star Zeta Pup- pis. B Blue-white 10,00030,000 K An artists depiction of Rigel, a Class B star. Class A Color White Temperature range 7,50010,000 K Sample Star Sirius A is the brightest star that we see in the night sky. The dot on the right, Sirius B, is a white dwarf. F Yellowish-white 6,0007,500 K There are two F class stars in this image, the super- giant Polaris A and Po- laris B. What we see in the night sky as the single star Polaris, we also known as the North Star. G Yellow 5,5006,000 K Our Sun: the most im- portant G class star in the Universe, at least for hu- mans. Class K M Color Orange Red Temperature range 3,5005,000 K 2,0003,500 K Sample Star Arcturus is a Class K star that looks like the Sun but is much larger. There are two types of Class M stars: red dwarfs and red giants. An artists concept of a red dwarf star. Most stars are red dwarfs. The red supergiant Betel- geuse is seen near Orions belt. The blue star in the lower right is the Class B star Rigel. The surface temperature of most stars is due to its size. Bigger stars produce more energy, so their surfaces are hotter. But some very small stars are very hot. Some very big stars are cool. [SEP] The surface temperature of most stars is
Any type of rock can change and become a new type of rock. Magma can cool and crystallize. Existing rocks can be weathered and eroded to form sediments. Rock can change by heat or pressure deep in Earths crust. There are three main processes that can change rock: Cooling and forming crystals. Deep within the Earth, temperatures can get hot enough to melt rock. This molten material is called magma. As it cools, crystals grow, forming an igneous rock. The crystals will grow larger if the magma cools slowly, as it does if it remains deep within the Earth. If the magma cools quickly, the crystals will be very small. Weathering and erosion. Water, wind, ice, and even plants and animals all act to wear down rocks. Over time they can break larger rocks into smaller pieces called sediments. Moving water, wind, and glaciers then carry these pieces from one place to another. The sediments are eventually dropped, or deposited, somewhere. The sediments may then be compacted and cemented together. This forms a sedimentary rock. This whole process can take hundreds or thousands of years. Metamorphism. This long word means to change form. A rock undergoes metamorphism if it is exposed to extreme heat and pressure within the crust. With metamorphism, the rock does not melt all the way. The rock changes due to heat and pressure. A metamorphic rock may have a new mineral composition and/or texture. An interactive rock cycle diagram can be found here:  The rock cycle really has no beginning or end. It just continues. The processes involved in the rock cycle take place over hundreds, thousands, or even millions of years. Even though for us rocks are solid and unchanging, they slowly change all the time. [SEP] heat and pressure
Any type of rock can change and become a new type of rock. Magma can cool and crystallize. Existing rocks can be weathered and eroded to form sediments. Rock can change by heat or pressure deep in Earths crust. There are three main processes that can change rock: Cooling and forming crystals. Deep within the Earth, temperatures can get hot enough to melt rock. This molten material is called magma. As it cools, crystals grow, forming an igneous rock. The crystals will grow larger if the magma cools slowly, as it does if it remains deep within the Earth. If the magma cools quickly, the crystals will be very small. Weathering and erosion. Water, wind, ice, and even plants and animals all act to wear down rocks. Over time they can break larger rocks into smaller pieces called sediments. Moving water, wind, and glaciers then carry these pieces from one place to another. The sediments are eventually dropped, or deposited, somewhere. The sediments may then be compacted and cemented together. This forms a sedimentary rock. This whole process can take hundreds or thousands of years. Metamorphism. This long word means to change form. A rock undergoes metamorphism if it is exposed to extreme heat and pressure within the crust. With metamorphism, the rock does not melt all the way. The rock changes due to heat and pressure. A metamorphic rock may have a new mineral composition and/or texture. An interactive rock cycle diagram can be found here:  The rock cycle really has no beginning or end. It just continues. The processes involved in the rock cycle take place over hundreds, thousands, or even millions of years. Even though for us rocks are solid and unchanging, they slowly change all the time. [SEP] The rock changes
Ions come together to create a molecule so that electrical charges are balanced; the positive charges balance the negative charges and the molecule has no electrical charge. To balance electrical charge, an atom may share its electron with another atom, give it away, or receive an electron from another atom. The joining of ions to make molecules is called chemical bonding. There are three main types of chemical bonds that are important in our discussion of minerals and rocks: Ionic bond: Electrons are transferred between atoms. An ion will give one or more electrons to another ion. Table salt, sodium chloride (NaCl), is a common example of an ionic compound. Note that sodium is on the left side of the periodic table and that chlorine is on the right side of the periodic table. In the Figure 1.2, an atom of lithium donates an electron to an atom of fluorine to form an ionic compound. The transfer of the electron gives the lithium ion a net charge of +1, and the fluorine ion a net charge of -1. These ions bond because they experience an attractive force due to the difference in sign of their charges. Covalent bond : In a covalent bond, an atom shares one or more electrons with another atom. Periodic Table of the Elements. Lithium (left) and fluorine (right) form an ionic compound called lithium fluoride. In the picture of methane (CH4 ) below (Figure 1.3), the carbon ion (with a net charge of +4) shares a single electron from each of the the four hydrogens. Covalent bonding is prevalent in organic compounds. In fact, your body is held together by electrons shared by carbons and hydrogens! Covalent bonds are also very strong, meaning it takes a lot of energy to break them apart. Hydrogen bond: These weak, intermolecular bonds are formed when the positive side of one polar molecule is attracted to the negative side of another polar molecule. Water is a classic example of a polar molecule because it has a slightly positive side, and a slightly negative side. In fact, this property is why water is so good at dissolving things. The positive side of the molecule is attracted to Methane is formed when four hydrogens and one carbon covalently bond. negative ions and the negative side is attracted to positive ions. [SEP] the difference in sign of their charges
Ions come together to create a molecule so that electrical charges are balanced; the positive charges balance the negative charges and the molecule has no electrical charge. To balance electrical charge, an atom may share its electron with another atom, give it away, or receive an electron from another atom. The joining of ions to make molecules is called chemical bonding. There are three main types of chemical bonds that are important in our discussion of minerals and rocks: Ionic bond: Electrons are transferred between atoms. An ion will give one or more electrons to another ion. Table salt, sodium chloride (NaCl), is a common example of an ionic compound. Note that sodium is on the left side of the periodic table and that chlorine is on the right side of the periodic table. In the Figure 1.2, an atom of lithium donates an electron to an atom of fluorine to form an ionic compound. The transfer of the electron gives the lithium ion a net charge of +1, and the fluorine ion a net charge of -1. These ions bond because they experience an attractive force due to the difference in sign of their charges. Covalent bond : In a covalent bond, an atom shares one or more electrons with another atom. Periodic Table of the Elements. Lithium (left) and fluorine (right) form an ionic compound called lithium fluoride. In the picture of methane (CH4 ) below (Figure 1.3), the carbon ion (with a net charge of +4) shares a single electron from each of the the four hydrogens. Covalent bonding is prevalent in organic compounds. In fact, your body is held together by electrons shared by carbons and hydrogens! Covalent bonds are also very strong, meaning it takes a lot of energy to break them apart. Hydrogen bond: These weak, intermolecular bonds are formed when the positive side of one polar molecule is attracted to the negative side of another polar molecule. Water is a classic example of a polar molecule because it has a slightly positive side, and a slightly negative side. In fact, this property is why water is so good at dissolving things. The positive side of the molecule is attracted to Methane is formed when four hydrogens and one carbon covalently bond. negative ions and the negative side is attracted to positive ions. [SEP] These ions bond because they experience an attractive force
Continental climates are found in most of the North American interior from about 40 N to 70 N. Temperature: The average temperature of the warmest month is higher than 10 C (50 F) and the coldest month is below -3 C (27 F). Precipitation: Winters are cold and stormy (look at the latitude of this zone and see if you can figure out why). Snowfall is common and snow stays on the ground for long periods of time. Trees grow in continental climates, even though winters are extremely cold, because the average annual temperature is fairly mild. Continental climates are not found in the Southern Hemisphere because of the absence of a continent large enough to generate this effect. [SEP] the absence of a continent large enough to generate this effect
Continental climates are found in most of the North American interior from about 40 N to 70 N. Temperature: The average temperature of the warmest month is higher than 10 C (50 F) and the coldest month is below -3 C (27 F). Precipitation: Winters are cold and stormy (look at the latitude of this zone and see if you can figure out why). Snowfall is common and snow stays on the ground for long periods of time. Trees grow in continental climates, even though winters are extremely cold, because the average annual temperature is fairly mild. Continental climates are not found in the Southern Hemisphere because of the absence of a continent large enough to generate this effect. [SEP] Continental climates are not found in the Southern Hemisphere
Most ocean pollution comes as runoff from land and originates as agricultural, industrial, and municipal wastes (Figure 1.1). The remaining 20% of water pollution enters the ocean directly from oil spills and people dumping wastes directly into the water. Ships at sea empty their wastes directly into the ocean, for example. Coastal pollution can make coastal water unsafe for humans and wildlife. After rainfall, there can be enough runoff pollution that beaches must be closed to prevent the spread of disease from pollutants. A surprising number of beaches are closed because of possible health hazards each year. A large proportion of the fish we rely on for food live in the coastal wetlands or lay their eggs there. Coastal runoff from farm waste often carries water-borne organisms that cause lesions that kill fish. Humans who come in In some areas of the world, ocean pollution is all too obvious. contact with polluted waters and affected fish can also experience harmful symptoms. More than one-third of the shellfish-growing waters of the United States are adversely affected by coastal pollution. [SEP] possible health hazards each year
Most ocean pollution comes as runoff from land and originates as agricultural, industrial, and municipal wastes (Figure 1.1). The remaining 20% of water pollution enters the ocean directly from oil spills and people dumping wastes directly into the water. Ships at sea empty their wastes directly into the ocean, for example. Coastal pollution can make coastal water unsafe for humans and wildlife. After rainfall, there can be enough runoff pollution that beaches must be closed to prevent the spread of disease from pollutants. A surprising number of beaches are closed because of possible health hazards each year. A large proportion of the fish we rely on for food live in the coastal wetlands or lay their eggs there. Coastal runoff from farm waste often carries water-borne organisms that cause lesions that kill fish. Humans who come in In some areas of the world, ocean pollution is all too obvious. contact with polluted waters and affected fish can also experience harmful symptoms. More than one-third of the shellfish-growing waters of the United States are adversely affected by coastal pollution. [SEP] A surprising number of beaches are closed
Thermohaline circulation drives deep ocean circulation. Thermo means heat and haline refers to salinity. Dif- ferences in temperature and in salinity change the density of seawater. So thermohaline circulation is the result of density differences in water masses because of their different temperature and salinity. What is the temperature and salinity of very dense water? Lower temperature and higher salinity yield the densest water. When a volume of water is cooled, the molecules move less vigorously, so same number of molecules takes up less space and the water is denser. If salt is added to a volume of water, there are more molecules in the same volume, so the water is denser. [SEP] their different temperature and salinity
Thermohaline circulation drives deep ocean circulation. Thermo means heat and haline refers to salinity. Dif- ferences in temperature and in salinity change the density of seawater. So thermohaline circulation is the result of density differences in water masses because of their different temperature and salinity. What is the temperature and salinity of very dense water? Lower temperature and higher salinity yield the densest water. When a volume of water is cooled, the molecules move less vigorously, so same number of molecules takes up less space and the water is denser. If salt is added to a volume of water, there are more molecules in the same volume, so the water is denser. [SEP] So thermohaline circulation is the result of density differences in water masses
The increase in atmospheric CO2 is due to the increase in the amount of fossil fuels that are being burned. Usually, testing a hypothesis requires making observations or performing experiments. In this case, we will look into the scientific literature to see if we can support or refute either or both of these hypotheses. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] the increase in the amount of fossil fuels that are being burned
The increase in atmospheric CO2 is due to the increase in the amount of fossil fuels that are being burned. Usually, testing a hypothesis requires making observations or performing experiments. In this case, we will look into the scientific literature to see if we can support or refute either or both of these hypotheses. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] The increase in atmospheric CO2 is
Distances to stars that are relatively close to us can be measured using parallax. Parallax is an apparent shift in position that takes place when the position of the observer changes. To see an example of parallax, try holding your finger about 1 foot (30 cm) in front of your eyes. Now, while focusing on your finger, close one eye and then the other. Alternate back and forth between eyes, and pay attention to how your finger appears to move. The shift in position of your finger is an example of parallax. Now try moving your finger closer to your eyes, and repeat the experiment. Do you notice any difference? The closer your finger is to your eyes, the greater the position changes because of parallax. As Figure 1.1 shows, astronomers use this same principle to measure the distance to stars. Instead of a finger, they focus on a star, and instead of switching back and forth between eyes, they switch between the biggest possible differences in observing position. To do this, an astronomer first looks at the star from one position and notes where the star is relative to more distant stars. Now where will the astronomer go to make an observation the greatest possible distance from the first observation? In six months, after Earth moves from one side of its orbit around the Sun to the other side, the astronomer looks at the star again. This time parallax causes the star to appear in a different position relative to more distant stars. From the size of this shift, astronomers can calculate the distance to the star. [SEP] parallax
Distances to stars that are relatively close to us can be measured using parallax. Parallax is an apparent shift in position that takes place when the position of the observer changes. To see an example of parallax, try holding your finger about 1 foot (30 cm) in front of your eyes. Now, while focusing on your finger, close one eye and then the other. Alternate back and forth between eyes, and pay attention to how your finger appears to move. The shift in position of your finger is an example of parallax. Now try moving your finger closer to your eyes, and repeat the experiment. Do you notice any difference? The closer your finger is to your eyes, the greater the position changes because of parallax. As Figure 1.1 shows, astronomers use this same principle to measure the distance to stars. Instead of a finger, they focus on a star, and instead of switching back and forth between eyes, they switch between the biggest possible differences in observing position. To do this, an astronomer first looks at the star from one position and notes where the star is relative to more distant stars. Now where will the astronomer go to make an observation the greatest possible distance from the first observation? In six months, after Earth moves from one side of its orbit around the Sun to the other side, the astronomer looks at the star again. This time parallax causes the star to appear in a different position relative to more distant stars. From the size of this shift, astronomers can calculate the distance to the star. [SEP] The closer your finger is to your eyes, the greater the position changes
At the planets center lies a dense metallic core. Scientists know that the core is metal because: 1. The density of Earths surface layers is much less than the overall density of the planet, as calculated from the planets rotation. If the surface layers are less dense than average, then the interior must be denser than average. Calculations indicate that the core is about 85% iron metal with nickel metal making up much of the remaining 15%. 2. Metallic meteorites are thought to be representative of the core. The 85% iron/15% nickel calculation above is also seen in metallic meteorites (Figure 1.1). If Earths core were not metal, the planet would not have a magnetic field. Metals such as iron are magnetic, but rock, which makes up the mantle and crust, is not. Scientists know that the outer core is liquid and the inner core is solid because: 1. S-waves do not go through the outer core. 2. The strong magnetic field is caused by convection in the liquid outer core. Convection currents in the outer core are due to heat from the even hotter inner core. The heat that keeps the outer core from solidifying is produced by the breakdown of radioactive elements in the inner core. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] heat from the even hotter inner core
At the planets center lies a dense metallic core. Scientists know that the core is metal because: 1. The density of Earths surface layers is much less than the overall density of the planet, as calculated from the planets rotation. If the surface layers are less dense than average, then the interior must be denser than average. Calculations indicate that the core is about 85% iron metal with nickel metal making up much of the remaining 15%. 2. Metallic meteorites are thought to be representative of the core. The 85% iron/15% nickel calculation above is also seen in metallic meteorites (Figure 1.1). If Earths core were not metal, the planet would not have a magnetic field. Metals such as iron are magnetic, but rock, which makes up the mantle and crust, is not. Scientists know that the outer core is liquid and the inner core is solid because: 1. S-waves do not go through the outer core. 2. The strong magnetic field is caused by convection in the liquid outer core. Convection currents in the outer core are due to heat from the even hotter inner core. The heat that keeps the outer core from solidifying is produced by the breakdown of radioactive elements in the inner core. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] Convection currents in the outer core are
It wasnt always known that fossils were parts of living organisms. In 1666, a young doctor named Nicholas Steno dissected the head of an enormous great white shark that had been caught by fisherman near Florence, Italy. Steno was struck by the resemblance of the sharks teeth to fossils found in inland mountains and hills (Figure ??). Most people at the time did not believe that fossils were once part of living creatures. Authors in that day thought that the fossils of marine animals found in tall mountains, miles from any ocean could be explained in one of two ways: The shells were washed up during the Biblical flood. (This explanation could not account for the fact that fossils were not only found on mountains, but also within mountains, in rocks that had been quarried from deep below Earths surface.) The fossils formed within the rocks as a result of mysterious forces. But for Steno, the close resemblance between fossils and modern organisms was impossible to ignore. Instead of invoking supernatural forces, Steno concluded that fossils were once parts of living creatures. [SEP] mysterious forces
It wasnt always known that fossils were parts of living organisms. In 1666, a young doctor named Nicholas Steno dissected the head of an enormous great white shark that had been caught by fisherman near Florence, Italy. Steno was struck by the resemblance of the sharks teeth to fossils found in inland mountains and hills (Figure ??). Most people at the time did not believe that fossils were once part of living creatures. Authors in that day thought that the fossils of marine animals found in tall mountains, miles from any ocean could be explained in one of two ways: The shells were washed up during the Biblical flood. (This explanation could not account for the fact that fossils were not only found on mountains, but also within mountains, in rocks that had been quarried from deep below Earths surface.) The fossils formed within the rocks as a result of mysterious forces. But for Steno, the close resemblance between fossils and modern organisms was impossible to ignore. Instead of invoking supernatural forces, Steno concluded that fossils were once parts of living creatures. [SEP] The fossils formed within the rocks
Earth is a sphere or, more correctly, an oblate spheroid, which is a sphere that is a bit squished down at the poles and bulges a bit at the Equator. To be more technical, the minor axis (the diameter through the poles) is smaller than the major axis (the diameter through the Equator). Half of the sphere is a hemisphere. North of the Equator is the northern hemisphere and south of the Equator is the southern hemisphere. Eastern and western hemispheres are also designated. What evidence is there that Earth is spherical? What evidence was there before spaceships and satellites? Try to design an experiment involving a ship and the ocean to show Earth is round. If you are standing on the shore and a ship is going out to sea, the ship gets smaller as it moves further away from you. The ships bottom also starts to disappear as the vessel goes around the arc of the planet (Figure 1.1). There are many other ways that early scientists and mariners knew that Earth was not flat. The Sun and the other planets of the solar system are also spherical. Larger satellites, those that have enough mass for their gravitational attraction to have made them round, are spherical as well. Earths actual shape is not spherical but an oblate spheroid. The planet bulges around the equator due to mass collecting in the middle due to rotational momentum. [SEP] mass collecting in the middle
Earth is a sphere or, more correctly, an oblate spheroid, which is a sphere that is a bit squished down at the poles and bulges a bit at the Equator. To be more technical, the minor axis (the diameter through the poles) is smaller than the major axis (the diameter through the Equator). Half of the sphere is a hemisphere. North of the Equator is the northern hemisphere and south of the Equator is the southern hemisphere. Eastern and western hemispheres are also designated. What evidence is there that Earth is spherical? What evidence was there before spaceships and satellites? Try to design an experiment involving a ship and the ocean to show Earth is round. If you are standing on the shore and a ship is going out to sea, the ship gets smaller as it moves further away from you. The ships bottom also starts to disappear as the vessel goes around the arc of the planet (Figure 1.1). There are many other ways that early scientists and mariners knew that Earth was not flat. The Sun and the other planets of the solar system are also spherical. Larger satellites, those that have enough mass for their gravitational attraction to have made them round, are spherical as well. Earths actual shape is not spherical but an oblate spheroid. The planet bulges around the equator due to mass collecting in the middle due to rotational momentum. [SEP] The planet bulges around the equator
Many factors influence the climate of a region. The most important factor is latitude because different latitudes receive different amounts of solar radiation. The Equator receives the most solar radiation. Days are equally long year-round and the Sun is just about directly overhead at midday. The polar regions receive the least solar radiation. The night lasts six months during the winter. Even in summer, the Sun never rises very high in the sky. Sunlight filters through a thick wedge of atmosphere, making the sunlight much less intense. The high albedo, because of ice and snow, reflects a good portion of the Suns light. [SEP] ice and snow, reflects a good portion of the Suns light
Many factors influence the climate of a region. The most important factor is latitude because different latitudes receive different amounts of solar radiation. The Equator receives the most solar radiation. Days are equally long year-round and the Sun is just about directly overhead at midday. The polar regions receive the least solar radiation. The night lasts six months during the winter. Even in summer, the Sun never rises very high in the sky. Sunlight filters through a thick wedge of atmosphere, making the sunlight much less intense. The high albedo, because of ice and snow, reflects a good portion of the Suns light. [SEP] The high albedo
Its easy to see the difference in temperature at different latitudes in the Figure 1.1. But temperature is not completely correlated with latitude. There are many exceptions. For example, notice that the western portion of South America The maximum annual temperature of the Earth, showing a roughly gradual temperature gradient from the low to the high latitudes. has relatively low temperatures due to the Andes Mountains. The Rocky Mountains in the United States also have lower temperatures due to high altitudes. Western Europe is warmer than it should be due to the Gulf Stream. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] the Andes Mountains
Its easy to see the difference in temperature at different latitudes in the Figure 1.1. But temperature is not completely correlated with latitude. There are many exceptions. For example, notice that the western portion of South America The maximum annual temperature of the Earth, showing a roughly gradual temperature gradient from the low to the high latitudes. has relatively low temperatures due to the Andes Mountains. The Rocky Mountains in the United States also have lower temperatures due to high altitudes. Western Europe is warmer than it should be due to the Gulf Stream. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] has relatively low temperatures
The most widely accepted explanation of how the solar system formed is called the nebular hypothesis. According to this hypothesis, the Sun and the planets of our solar system formed about 4.6 billion years ago from the collapse of a giant cloud of gas and dust, called a nebula. The nebula was drawn together by gravity, which released gravitational potential energy. As small particles of dust and gas smashed together to create larger ones, they released kinetic energy. As the nebula collapsed, the gravity at the center increased and the cloud started to spin because of its angular momentum. As it collapsed further, the spinning got faster, much as an ice skater spins faster when he pulls his arms to his sides during a spin. Much of the clouds mass migrated to its center but the rest of the material flattened out in an enormous disk. The disk contained hydrogen and helium, along with heavier elements and even simple organic molecules. [SEP] its angular momentum
The most widely accepted explanation of how the solar system formed is called the nebular hypothesis. According to this hypothesis, the Sun and the planets of our solar system formed about 4.6 billion years ago from the collapse of a giant cloud of gas and dust, called a nebula. The nebula was drawn together by gravity, which released gravitational potential energy. As small particles of dust and gas smashed together to create larger ones, they released kinetic energy. As the nebula collapsed, the gravity at the center increased and the cloud started to spin because of its angular momentum. As it collapsed further, the spinning got faster, much as an ice skater spins faster when he pulls his arms to his sides during a spin. Much of the clouds mass migrated to its center but the rest of the material flattened out in an enormous disk. The disk contained hydrogen and helium, along with heavier elements and even simple organic molecules. [SEP] As the nebula collapsed, the gravity at the center increased and the cloud started to spin
Fossil fuels provide about 85% of the worlds energy at this time. Worldwide fossil fuel usage has increased many times over in the past half century (coal - 2.6x, oil - 8x, natural gas - 14x) because of population increases, because of increases in the number of cars, televisions, and other fuel-consuming uses in the developed world, and because of lifestyle improvements in the developing world. The amount of fossil fuels that remain untapped is unknown, but can likely be measured in decades for oil and natural gas and in a few centuries for coal (Figure 1.1). [SEP] population increases
Fossil fuels provide about 85% of the worlds energy at this time. Worldwide fossil fuel usage has increased many times over in the past half century (coal - 2.6x, oil - 8x, natural gas - 14x) because of population increases, because of increases in the number of cars, televisions, and other fuel-consuming uses in the developed world, and because of lifestyle improvements in the developing world. The amount of fossil fuels that remain untapped is unknown, but can likely be measured in decades for oil and natural gas and in a few centuries for coal (Figure 1.1). [SEP] Worldwide fossil fuel usage has increased many times over in the past half century (coal - 2.6x, oil - 8x, natural gas - 14x
Whether an ice field moves or not depends on the amount of ice in the field, the steepness of the slope and the roughness of the ground surface. Ice moves where the pressure is so great that it undergoes plastic flow. Ice also slides at the bottom, often lubricated by water that has melted and travels between the ground and the ice. The speed of a glacier ranges from extremely fast, where conditions are favorable, to nearly zero. Because the ice is moving, glaciers have crevasses, where cracks form in the ice as a result of movement. The large crevasse at the top of an alpine glacier where ice that is moving is separated from ice that is stuck to the mountain above is called a bergshrund. Crevasses in a glacier are the result of movement. [SEP] movement
Whether an ice field moves or not depends on the amount of ice in the field, the steepness of the slope and the roughness of the ground surface. Ice moves where the pressure is so great that it undergoes plastic flow. Ice also slides at the bottom, often lubricated by water that has melted and travels between the ground and the ice. The speed of a glacier ranges from extremely fast, where conditions are favorable, to nearly zero. Because the ice is moving, glaciers have crevasses, where cracks form in the ice as a result of movement. The large crevasse at the top of an alpine glacier where ice that is moving is separated from ice that is stuck to the mountain above is called a bergshrund. Crevasses in a glacier are the result of movement. [SEP] Because the ice is moving, glaciers have crevasses, where cracks form in the ice
Human activity has significantly raised the levels of many of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Methane levels are about 2 1/2 times higher as a result of human activity. Carbon dioxide has increased more than 35%. CFCs have only recently existed. What do you think happens as atmospheric greenhouse gas levels increase? More greenhouse gases trap more heat and warm the atmosphere. The increase or decrease of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere affect climate and weather the world over. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] human activity
Human activity has significantly raised the levels of many of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Methane levels are about 2 1/2 times higher as a result of human activity. Carbon dioxide has increased more than 35%. CFCs have only recently existed. What do you think happens as atmospheric greenhouse gas levels increase? More greenhouse gases trap more heat and warm the atmosphere. The increase or decrease of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere affect climate and weather the world over. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] Methane levels are about 2 1/2 times higher
It wasnt always known that fossils were parts of living organisms. In 1666, a young doctor named Nicholas Steno dissected the head of an enormous great white shark that had been caught by fisherman near Florence, Italy. Steno was struck by the resemblance of the sharks teeth to fossils found in inland mountains and hills (Figure 1.1). Most people at the time did not believe that fossils were once part of living creatures. Authors in that day thought that the fossils of marine animals found in tall mountains, miles from any ocean could be explained in one of two ways: The shells were washed up during the Biblical flood. (This explanation could not account for the fact that fossils were not only found on mountains, but also within mountains, in rocks that had been quarried from deep below Earths surface.) The fossils formed within the rocks as a result of mysterious forces. But for Steno, the close resemblance between fossils and modern organisms was impossible to ignore. Instead of invoking supernatural forces, Steno concluded that fossils were once parts of living creatures. Fossil Shark Tooth (left) and Modern Shark Tooth (right). [SEP] mysterious forces
It wasnt always known that fossils were parts of living organisms. In 1666, a young doctor named Nicholas Steno dissected the head of an enormous great white shark that had been caught by fisherman near Florence, Italy. Steno was struck by the resemblance of the sharks teeth to fossils found in inland mountains and hills (Figure 1.1). Most people at the time did not believe that fossils were once part of living creatures. Authors in that day thought that the fossils of marine animals found in tall mountains, miles from any ocean could be explained in one of two ways: The shells were washed up during the Biblical flood. (This explanation could not account for the fact that fossils were not only found on mountains, but also within mountains, in rocks that had been quarried from deep below Earths surface.) The fossils formed within the rocks as a result of mysterious forces. But for Steno, the close resemblance between fossils and modern organisms was impossible to ignore. Instead of invoking supernatural forces, Steno concluded that fossils were once parts of living creatures. Fossil Shark Tooth (left) and Modern Shark Tooth (right). [SEP] The fossils formed within the rocks
Sometimes the chemicals are not so easily seen as they were at Love Canal. But the impacts can be seen statistically. For example, contaminated drinking water may cause an increase in some types of cancer in a community. Why is one person with cancer not enough to suspect contamination by toxic waste? One is not a statistically valid number. A certain number of people get cancer all the time. To identify contamination, a number of cancers above the normal rate, called a cancer cluster, must be discovered. A case that was made into a book and movie called A Civil Action involved the community of Woburn, Massachusetts. Groundwater contamination was initially suspected because of an increase in childhood leukemia and other illnesses. As a result of concern by parents, the well water was analyzed and shown to have high levels of TCE (trichloroethylene). [SEP] an increase in childhood leukemia and other illnesses
Sometimes the chemicals are not so easily seen as they were at Love Canal. But the impacts can be seen statistically. For example, contaminated drinking water may cause an increase in some types of cancer in a community. Why is one person with cancer not enough to suspect contamination by toxic waste? One is not a statistically valid number. A certain number of people get cancer all the time. To identify contamination, a number of cancers above the normal rate, called a cancer cluster, must be discovered. A case that was made into a book and movie called A Civil Action involved the community of Woburn, Massachusetts. Groundwater contamination was initially suspected because of an increase in childhood leukemia and other illnesses. As a result of concern by parents, the well water was analyzed and shown to have high levels of TCE (trichloroethylene). [SEP] Groundwater contamination was initially suspected
Many processes can cause climate to change. These include changes: In the amount of energy the Sun produces over years. In the positions of the continents over millions of years. In the tilt of Earths axis and orbit over thousands of years. That are sudden and dramatic because of random catastrophic events, such as a large asteroid impact. In greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, caused naturally or by human activities. [SEP] random catastrophic events, such as a large asteroid impact
Many processes can cause climate to change. These include changes: In the amount of energy the Sun produces over years. In the positions of the continents over millions of years. In the tilt of Earths axis and orbit over thousands of years. That are sudden and dramatic because of random catastrophic events, such as a large asteroid impact. In greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, caused naturally or by human activities. [SEP] That are sudden and dramatic
Do you know why you are supposed to eat large predatory fish like tuna infrequently? It is because of the bioaccu- mulation of mercury in those species. Some pollutants remain in an organism throughout its life, a phenomenon called bioaccumulation. In this process, an organism accumulates the entire amount of a toxic compound that it consumes over its lifetime. Not all substances bioaccumulate. Can you name one that does not? Aspirin does not bioaccumulate; if it did, a person would quickly accumulate a toxic amount in her body. Compounds that bioaccumulate are usually stored in the organisms fat. In the sediments, bacteria convert the droplets to the hazardous compound methyl mercury. Bacteria and plankton store all of the mercury from all of the seawater they ingest (Figure 1.2). A small fish that eats bacteria and plankton accumulates all of the mercury from all of the tiny creatures it eats over its lifetime. A big fish accumulates all of the mercury from all of the small fish it eats over its lifetime. For a tuna at the top of the food chain, thats a lot of mercury. Historic increases of mercury in the atmo- sphere: blue is volcanic eruptions; brown, purple, and pink are human-caused. The red region shows the effect of industrial- ization on atmospheric mercury. So tuna pose a health hazard to anything that eats them because their bodies are so high in mercury. This is why the government recommends limits on the amount of tuna that people eat. Limiting intake of large predatory fish is especially important for children and pregnant women. If the mercury just stayed in a persons fat, it would not be harmful, but that fat is used when a woman is pregnant or nursing a baby. A person will also get the mercury into her system when she (or he) burns the fat while losing weight. [SEP] the bioaccu- mulation of mercury in those species
Do you know why you are supposed to eat large predatory fish like tuna infrequently? It is because of the bioaccu- mulation of mercury in those species. Some pollutants remain in an organism throughout its life, a phenomenon called bioaccumulation. In this process, an organism accumulates the entire amount of a toxic compound that it consumes over its lifetime. Not all substances bioaccumulate. Can you name one that does not? Aspirin does not bioaccumulate; if it did, a person would quickly accumulate a toxic amount in her body. Compounds that bioaccumulate are usually stored in the organisms fat. In the sediments, bacteria convert the droplets to the hazardous compound methyl mercury. Bacteria and plankton store all of the mercury from all of the seawater they ingest (Figure 1.2). A small fish that eats bacteria and plankton accumulates all of the mercury from all of the tiny creatures it eats over its lifetime. A big fish accumulates all of the mercury from all of the small fish it eats over its lifetime. For a tuna at the top of the food chain, thats a lot of mercury. Historic increases of mercury in the atmo- sphere: blue is volcanic eruptions; brown, purple, and pink are human-caused. The red region shows the effect of industrial- ization on atmospheric mercury. So tuna pose a health hazard to anything that eats them because their bodies are so high in mercury. This is why the government recommends limits on the amount of tuna that people eat. Limiting intake of large predatory fish is especially important for children and pregnant women. If the mercury just stayed in a persons fat, it would not be harmful, but that fat is used when a woman is pregnant or nursing a baby. A person will also get the mercury into her system when she (or he) burns the fat while losing weight. [SEP] It is
The two main types of metamorphism are both related to heat within Earth: 1. Regional metamorphism: Changes in enormous quantities of rock over a wide area caused by the extreme pressure from overlying rock or from compression caused by geologic processes. Deep burial exposes the rock to high temperatures. 2. Contact metamorphism: Changes in a rock that is in contact with magma. The changes occur because of the magmas extreme heat. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] the magmas extreme heat
The two main types of metamorphism are both related to heat within Earth: 1. Regional metamorphism: Changes in enormous quantities of rock over a wide area caused by the extreme pressure from overlying rock or from compression caused by geologic processes. Deep burial exposes the rock to high temperatures. 2. Contact metamorphism: Changes in a rock that is in contact with magma. The changes occur because of the magmas extreme heat. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] The changes occur
Neptune, shown in Figure 1.1, is the only major planet that cant be seen from Earth without a telescope. Scientists predicted the existence of Neptune before it was discovered because Uranus did not always appear exactly where it should appear. They knew that the gravitational pull of another planet beyond Uranus must be affecting Uranus orbit. Neptune was discovered in 1846, in the position that had been predicted, and it was named Neptune for the Roman god of the sea because of its bluish color. This image of Neptune was taken by Voy- ager 2 in 1989. The Great Dark Spot seen on the left center in the picture has since disappeared, but a similar dark spot has appeared on another part of the planet. In many respects, Neptune is similar to Uranus (Figure 1.2). Neptune has slightly more mass than Uranus, but it is slightly smaller in size. Neptune is much farther from the Sun, at nearly 4.5 billion km (2.8 billion mi). The planets slow orbit means that it takes 165 Earth years to go once around the Sun. [SEP] its bluish color
Neptune, shown in Figure 1.1, is the only major planet that cant be seen from Earth without a telescope. Scientists predicted the existence of Neptune before it was discovered because Uranus did not always appear exactly where it should appear. They knew that the gravitational pull of another planet beyond Uranus must be affecting Uranus orbit. Neptune was discovered in 1846, in the position that had been predicted, and it was named Neptune for the Roman god of the sea because of its bluish color. This image of Neptune was taken by Voy- ager 2 in 1989. The Great Dark Spot seen on the left center in the picture has since disappeared, but a similar dark spot has appeared on another part of the planet. In many respects, Neptune is similar to Uranus (Figure 1.2). Neptune has slightly more mass than Uranus, but it is slightly smaller in size. Neptune is much farther from the Sun, at nearly 4.5 billion km (2.8 billion mi). The planets slow orbit means that it takes 165 Earth years to go once around the Sun. [SEP] Neptune was discovered in 1846, in the position that had been predicted, and it was named Neptune for the Roman god of the sea
Neptunes blue color is mostly because of frozen methane (CH4 ). When Voyager 2 visited Neptune in 1986, there was a large dark-blue spot, which scientists named the Great Dark Spot, south of the equator. When the Hubble Space Telescope took pictures of Neptune in 1994, the Great Dark Spot had disappeared, but another dark spot had appeared north of the equator. Astronomers think that both of these spots represent gaps in the methane clouds on Neptune. The changing appearance of Neptune is caused by its turbulent atmosphere. The winds on Neptune are stronger than on any other planet in the solar system, reaching speeds of 1,100 km/h (700 mi/h), close to the speed of sound. This extreme weather surprised astronomers, since the planet receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems. Neptunes core is 7000 C (12,632 C) which means that it produces more energy than it receives from the Sun. Neptune is also one of the coldest places in the solar system. Temperatures at the top of the clouds are about -218 C (-360 F). Neptunes composition is that of a gas giant: (1) upper atmosphere, (2) atmo- sphere composed of hydrogen, helium and methane gas, (3) mantle of water, ammonia and methane ice, (4) core of rock and ice. [SEP] frozen methane (CH4 
Neptunes blue color is mostly because of frozen methane (CH4 ). When Voyager 2 visited Neptune in 1986, there was a large dark-blue spot, which scientists named the Great Dark Spot, south of the equator. When the Hubble Space Telescope took pictures of Neptune in 1994, the Great Dark Spot had disappeared, but another dark spot had appeared north of the equator. Astronomers think that both of these spots represent gaps in the methane clouds on Neptune. The changing appearance of Neptune is caused by its turbulent atmosphere. The winds on Neptune are stronger than on any other planet in the solar system, reaching speeds of 1,100 km/h (700 mi/h), close to the speed of sound. This extreme weather surprised astronomers, since the planet receives little energy from the Sun to power weather systems. Neptunes core is 7000 C (12,632 C) which means that it produces more energy than it receives from the Sun. Neptune is also one of the coldest places in the solar system. Temperatures at the top of the clouds are about -218 C (-360 F). Neptunes composition is that of a gas giant: (1) upper atmosphere, (2) atmo- sphere composed of hydrogen, helium and methane gas, (3) mantle of water, ammonia and methane ice, (4) core of rock and ice. [SEP] Neptunes blue color is mostly
The net-energy ratio demonstrates the difference between the amount of energy available in a resource and the amount of energy used to get it. If it takes 8 units of energy to make available 10 units of energy, then the net-energy ratio is 10/8 or 1.25. What does a net-energy ratio larger than 1 mean? What if the net-energy ratio is less than 1? A net-energy ratio larger than 1 means that there is a net gain in usable energy; a net-energy ratio smaller than one means there is an overall energy loss. Table 1.1 shows the net-energy ratios for some common energy sources. Energy Source Solar Energy Natural Gas Petroleum Coal-fired Electricity Net-energy Ratio 5.8 4.9 4.5 2.5-5.1 Notice from the table that solar energy yields much more net energy than other sources. This is because it takes very little energy to get usable solar energy. Sunshine is abundant and does not need to be found, extracted, or transported very far. The range for coal-fired electricity is because of the differing costs of transporting the coal. What does this suggest about using coal to generate electricity? The efficiency is greater in areas where the coal is locally mined and does not have to be transported great distances (Figure 1.2). Obtaining coal for energy takes a lot of energy. The coal must be located, extracted, refined, and transported. Because so much of the energy we use is from fossil fuels, we need to be especially concerned about using them efficiently. Sometimes our choices affect energy efficiency. For example, transportation by cars and airplanes is less energy-efficient than transportation by boats and trains. [SEP] the differing costs of transporting the coal
The net-energy ratio demonstrates the difference between the amount of energy available in a resource and the amount of energy used to get it. If it takes 8 units of energy to make available 10 units of energy, then the net-energy ratio is 10/8 or 1.25. What does a net-energy ratio larger than 1 mean? What if the net-energy ratio is less than 1? A net-energy ratio larger than 1 means that there is a net gain in usable energy; a net-energy ratio smaller than one means there is an overall energy loss. Table 1.1 shows the net-energy ratios for some common energy sources. Energy Source Solar Energy Natural Gas Petroleum Coal-fired Electricity Net-energy Ratio 5.8 4.9 4.5 2.5-5.1 Notice from the table that solar energy yields much more net energy than other sources. This is because it takes very little energy to get usable solar energy. Sunshine is abundant and does not need to be found, extracted, or transported very far. The range for coal-fired electricity is because of the differing costs of transporting the coal. What does this suggest about using coal to generate electricity? The efficiency is greater in areas where the coal is locally mined and does not have to be transported great distances (Figure 1.2). Obtaining coal for energy takes a lot of energy. The coal must be located, extracted, refined, and transported. Because so much of the energy we use is from fossil fuels, we need to be especially concerned about using them efficiently. Sometimes our choices affect energy efficiency. For example, transportation by cars and airplanes is less energy-efficient than transportation by boats and trains. [SEP] The range for coal-fired electricity is
The Paleozoic sedimentary rocks of the Grand Canyon contain evidence of marine transgressions and regressions, but even there the rock record is not complete. Look at the sequence in the Figure 1.2 and see if you can determine whether the sea was transgressing or regressing. At the bottom, the Tonto Group represents a marine transgression: sandstone (11), shale (10), and limestone (9) laid down during 30 million years of the Cambrian Period. The Ordovician and Silurian are unknown because of an unconformity. Above that is freshwater limestone (8), which is overlain by limestone (7) and then shale (6), indicating that the sea was regressing. After another unconformity, the rocks of the Supai Group (5) include limestone, siltstone, and sandstone indicative of a regressing sea. Above those rocks are shale (4), sandstone (3), a limestone and sandstone mix (2) showing that the sea regressed and transgressed and finally limestone (1) indicating that the sea had come back in. [SEP] an unconformity
The Paleozoic sedimentary rocks of the Grand Canyon contain evidence of marine transgressions and regressions, but even there the rock record is not complete. Look at the sequence in the Figure 1.2 and see if you can determine whether the sea was transgressing or regressing. At the bottom, the Tonto Group represents a marine transgression: sandstone (11), shale (10), and limestone (9) laid down during 30 million years of the Cambrian Period. The Ordovician and Silurian are unknown because of an unconformity. Above that is freshwater limestone (8), which is overlain by limestone (7) and then shale (6), indicating that the sea was regressing. After another unconformity, the rocks of the Supai Group (5) include limestone, siltstone, and sandstone indicative of a regressing sea. Above those rocks are shale (4), sandstone (3), a limestone and sandstone mix (2) showing that the sea regressed and transgressed and finally limestone (1) indicating that the sea had come back in. [SEP] The Ordovician and Silurian are unknown
Lakes are larger bodies of water. Lakes are usually fresh water, although the Great Salt Lake in Utah is just one exception. Water usually drains out of a lake through a river or a stream and all lakes lose water to evaporation. Lakes form in a variety of different ways: in depressions carved by glaciers, in calderas (Figure 1.1), and along tectonic faults, to name a few. Subglacial lakes are even found below a frozen ice cap. As a result of geologic history and the arrangement of land masses, most lakes are in the Northern Hemisphere. In fact, more than 60% of all the worlds lakes are in Canada  most of these lakes were formed by the glaciers that covered most of Canada in the last Ice Age (Figure 1.2). Lakes are not permanent features of a landscape. Some come and go with the seasons, as water levels rise and fall. Over a longer time, lakes disappear when they fill with sediments, if the springs or streams that fill them diminish, (a) Crater Lake in Oregon is in a volcanic caldera. Lakes can also form in volcanic craters and impact craters. (b) The Great Lakes fill depressions eroded as glaciers scraped rock out from the landscape. (c) Lake Baikal, ice coated in winter in this image, formed as water filled up a tectonic faults. Lakes near Yellowknife were carved by glaciers during the last Ice Age. or if their outlets grow because of erosion. When the climate of an area changes, lakes can either expand or shrink (Figure 1.3). Lakes may disappear if precipitation significantly diminishes. Large lakes have tidal systems and currents, and can even affect weather patterns. The Great Lakes in the United States contain 22% of the worlds fresh surface water (Figure 1.1). The largest them, Lake Superior, has a tide that rises and falls several centimeters each day. The Great Lakes are large enough to alter the weather system in Northeastern United States by the lake effect, which is an increase in snow downwind of the relatively warm lakes. The Great Lakes are home to countless species of fish and wildlife. Many lakes are not natural, but are human-made. People dam a stream in a suitable spot and then let the water back up behind it, creating a lake. These lakes are called "reservoirs." Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] erosion
Lakes are larger bodies of water. Lakes are usually fresh water, although the Great Salt Lake in Utah is just one exception. Water usually drains out of a lake through a river or a stream and all lakes lose water to evaporation. Lakes form in a variety of different ways: in depressions carved by glaciers, in calderas (Figure 1.1), and along tectonic faults, to name a few. Subglacial lakes are even found below a frozen ice cap. As a result of geologic history and the arrangement of land masses, most lakes are in the Northern Hemisphere. In fact, more than 60% of all the worlds lakes are in Canada  most of these lakes were formed by the glaciers that covered most of Canada in the last Ice Age (Figure 1.2). Lakes are not permanent features of a landscape. Some come and go with the seasons, as water levels rise and fall. Over a longer time, lakes disappear when they fill with sediments, if the springs or streams that fill them diminish, (a) Crater Lake in Oregon is in a volcanic caldera. Lakes can also form in volcanic craters and impact craters. (b) The Great Lakes fill depressions eroded as glaciers scraped rock out from the landscape. (c) Lake Baikal, ice coated in winter in this image, formed as water filled up a tectonic faults. Lakes near Yellowknife were carved by glaciers during the last Ice Age. or if their outlets grow because of erosion. When the climate of an area changes, lakes can either expand or shrink (Figure 1.3). Lakes may disappear if precipitation significantly diminishes. Large lakes have tidal systems and currents, and can even affect weather patterns. The Great Lakes in the United States contain 22% of the worlds fresh surface water (Figure 1.1). The largest them, Lake Superior, has a tide that rises and falls several centimeters each day. The Great Lakes are large enough to alter the weather system in Northeastern United States by the lake effect, which is an increase in snow downwind of the relatively warm lakes. The Great Lakes are home to countless species of fish and wildlife. Many lakes are not natural, but are human-made. People dam a stream in a suitable spot and then let the water back up behind it, creating a lake. These lakes are called "reservoirs." Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] or if their outlets grow
Biotic and abiotic factors determine the population size of a species in an ecosystem. What are some important biotic factors? Biotic factors include the amount of food that is available to that species and the number of organisms that also use that food source. What are some important abiotic factors? Space, water, and climate all help determine a species population. When does a population grow? A population grows when the number of births is greater than the number of deaths. When does a population shrink? When deaths exceed births. What causes a population to grow? For a population to grow there must be ample resources and no major problems. What causes a population to shrink? A population can shrink either because of biotic or abiotic limits. An increase in predators, the emergence of a new disease, or the loss of habitat are just three possible problems that will decrease a population. A population may also shrink if it grows too large for the resources required to support it. [SEP] biotic or abiotic limits
Biotic and abiotic factors determine the population size of a species in an ecosystem. What are some important biotic factors? Biotic factors include the amount of food that is available to that species and the number of organisms that also use that food source. What are some important abiotic factors? Space, water, and climate all help determine a species population. When does a population grow? A population grows when the number of births is greater than the number of deaths. When does a population shrink? When deaths exceed births. What causes a population to grow? For a population to grow there must be ample resources and no major problems. What causes a population to shrink? A population can shrink either because of biotic or abiotic limits. An increase in predators, the emergence of a new disease, or the loss of habitat are just three possible problems that will decrease a population. A population may also shrink if it grows too large for the resources required to support it. [SEP] A population can shrink either
In the photo of the Mesquite sand dune in Death Valley National Park, California (Figure 1.2), we see that wind can cause cross-bedding in sand. Cross-bedding is due to changes in wind direction. There are also ripples caused by the wind waving over the surface of the dune. Since we can observe wind forming sand dunes with these patterns now, we have a good explanation for how the Navajo sandstone formed. The Navajo sandstone is a rock formed from ancient sand dunes in which wind direction changed from time to time. This is just one example of how geologists use observations they make today to unravel what happened in Earths past. Rocks formed from volcanoes, oceans, rivers, and many other features are deciphered by looking at the geological work those features do today. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] changes in wind direction
In the photo of the Mesquite sand dune in Death Valley National Park, California (Figure 1.2), we see that wind can cause cross-bedding in sand. Cross-bedding is due to changes in wind direction. There are also ripples caused by the wind waving over the surface of the dune. Since we can observe wind forming sand dunes with these patterns now, we have a good explanation for how the Navajo sandstone formed. The Navajo sandstone is a rock formed from ancient sand dunes in which wind direction changed from time to time. This is just one example of how geologists use observations they make today to unravel what happened in Earths past. Rocks formed from volcanoes, oceans, rivers, and many other features are deciphered by looking at the geological work those features do today. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] Cross-bedding is
People also depend on water as a natural resource. Not content to get water directly from streams or ponds, humans create canals, aqueducts, dams, and wells to collect water and direct it to where they want it (Figure 1.4). Clouds form above the Amazon Rainfor- est even in the dry season because of moisture from plant transpiration. Pont du Gard in France is an ancient aqueduct and bridge that was part of of a well-developed system that supplied wa- ter around the Roman empire. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] moisture from plant transpiration
People also depend on water as a natural resource. Not content to get water directly from streams or ponds, humans create canals, aqueducts, dams, and wells to collect water and direct it to where they want it (Figure 1.4). Clouds form above the Amazon Rainfor- est even in the dry season because of moisture from plant transpiration. Pont du Gard in France is an ancient aqueduct and bridge that was part of of a well-developed system that supplied wa- ter around the Roman empire. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] Clouds form above the Amazon Rainfor- est even in the dry season
Potassium-40 decays to argon-40 with a half-life of 1.26 billion years. Argon is a gas so it can escape from molten magma, meaning that any argon that is found in an igneous crystal probably formed as a result of the decay of potassium-40. Measuring the ratio of potassium-40 to argon-40 yields a good estimate of the age of that crystal. Potassium is common in many minerals, such as feldspar, mica, and amphibole. With its half-life, the technique is used to date rocks from 100,000 years to over a billion years old. The technique has been useful for dating fairly young geological materials and deposits containing the bones of human ancestors. [SEP] the decay of potassium-40
Potassium-40 decays to argon-40 with a half-life of 1.26 billion years. Argon is a gas so it can escape from molten magma, meaning that any argon that is found in an igneous crystal probably formed as a result of the decay of potassium-40. Measuring the ratio of potassium-40 to argon-40 yields a good estimate of the age of that crystal. Potassium is common in many minerals, such as feldspar, mica, and amphibole. With its half-life, the technique is used to date rocks from 100,000 years to over a billion years old. The technique has been useful for dating fairly young geological materials and deposits containing the bones of human ancestors. [SEP] Argon is a gas so it can escape from molten magma, meaning that any argon that is found in an igneous crystal probably formed
The rock cycle, illustrated in Figure 1.1, depicts how the three major rock types - igneous, sedimentary, and meta- morphic - convert from one to another. Arrows connecting the rock types represent the processes that accomplish these changes. Rocks change as a result of natural processes that are taking place all the time. Most changes happen very slowly. Rocks deep within the Earth are right now becoming other types of rocks. Rocks at the surface are lying in place before they are next exposed to a process that will change them. Even at the surface, we may not notice the changes. The rock cycle has no beginning or end. [SEP] natural processes that are taking place all the time
The rock cycle, illustrated in Figure 1.1, depicts how the three major rock types - igneous, sedimentary, and meta- morphic - convert from one to another. Arrows connecting the rock types represent the processes that accomplish these changes. Rocks change as a result of natural processes that are taking place all the time. Most changes happen very slowly. Rocks deep within the Earth are right now becoming other types of rocks. Rocks at the surface are lying in place before they are next exposed to a process that will change them. Even at the surface, we may not notice the changes. The rock cycle has no beginning or end. [SEP] Rocks change
Water is simply two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen bonded together (Figure 1.1). The hydrogen ions are on one side of the oxygen ion, making water a polar molecule. This means that one side, the side with the hydrogen ions, has a slightly positive electrical charge. The other side, the side without the hydrogen ions, has a slightly negative charge. Despite its simplicity, water has remarkable properties. Water expands when it freezes, has high surface tension (because of the polar nature of the molecules, they tend to stick together), and others. Without water, life might not be able to exist on Earth and it certainly would not have the tremendous complexity and diversity that we see. [SEP] the polar nature of the molecules, they tend to stick together), and others
Water is simply two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen bonded together (Figure 1.1). The hydrogen ions are on one side of the oxygen ion, making water a polar molecule. This means that one side, the side with the hydrogen ions, has a slightly positive electrical charge. The other side, the side without the hydrogen ions, has a slightly negative charge. Despite its simplicity, water has remarkable properties. Water expands when it freezes, has high surface tension (because of the polar nature of the molecules, they tend to stick together), and others. Without water, life might not be able to exist on Earth and it certainly would not have the tremendous complexity and diversity that we see. [SEP] Water expands when it freezes, has high surface tension 
Hypothesis 2 states that the increase in atmospheric CO2 is due to the increase in the amount of fossil fuels that are being burned. We look into the scientific literature and find this graph in the Figure 1.1. Global carbon dioxide emissions from fos- sil fuel consumption and cement produc- tion. The black line represents all emis- sion types combined, and colored lines show emissions from individual fossil fu- els. Fossil fuels have added an increasing amount of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution in the mid 19th century. Hypothesis 2 is true! Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] the increase in the amount of fossil fuels that are being burned
Hypothesis 2 states that the increase in atmospheric CO2 is due to the increase in the amount of fossil fuels that are being burned. We look into the scientific literature and find this graph in the Figure 1.1. Global carbon dioxide emissions from fos- sil fuel consumption and cement produc- tion. The black line represents all emis- sion types combined, and colored lines show emissions from individual fossil fu- els. Fossil fuels have added an increasing amount of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution in the mid 19th century. Hypothesis 2 is true! Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] Hypothesis 2 states that the increase in atmospheric CO2 is
The Hertzsprung-Russell diagram (often referred to as the H-R diagram) is a scatter graph that shows various classes of stars in the context of properties such as their luminosity, absolute magnitude, color, and effective temperature. Created around 1910 by Ejnar Hertzsprung and Henry Norris Russell, the diagram provided a great help in understanding stellar evolution. There are several forms of the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram, and the nomenclature is not very well defined. The original diagram displayed the spectral type of stars on the horizontal axis and the absolute magnitude on the vertical axis. The form below shows Kelvin temperature along the horizontal axis going from high temperature on the left to low temperature on the right and luminosity on the vertical axis. We can think of the luminosity as brightness in multiples of the Sun. A luminosity of 100 on the axis would mean 100 times as bright as the Sun. Most of the stars occupy a region in the diagram along a line called the Main Sequence. During that stage, stars are fusing hydrogen into helium in their cores. The position of the Sun in the main sequence is shown in the diagram. You should note that the axial scales for this diagram are not linear. The vertical scale is logarithmic, each line is 100 times greater than the previous line. On the horizontal axis, as we move to the right, the temperature reduces by between 1,000 and 10,000 degrees K between each line. If all other factors were the same, the highest temperature stars would also be the most luminous (the brightest). In the main sequence of stars, we see that as the temperature increases to the left, the luminosity also increases, demonstrating that the hottest stars in this grouping are also the brightest. There are stars, however, that are less bright than their temperature would predict. This group of stars is called white dwarfs. These stars are less bright than expected because of their very small size. These dwarf stars are only one one-thousandth the size of stars in the main sequence. There are also stars that are much brighter than their temperature would predict. This group of stars are called red giants. They are brighter than their temperature would predict because they are much larger than stars in the main sequence. These stars have expanded to several thousand times the size of stars in the main sequence. Stars that are reddish in color are cooler than other stars while stars that are bluish in color are hotter than other stars. A white dwarf is a stellar remnant that is very dense. A white dwarfs mass is comparable to the Sun and its volume is comparable to that of Earth. The very low brightness of a white dwarf comes from the emission of stored heat energy. White dwarfs are thought to be the final evolutionary state of any star whose mass is not great enough to become a neutron star. Approximately 97% of the stars in our galaxy will become neutron stars. After the hydrogen-fusing lifetime of a main-sequence star of low or medium mass ends, it will expand to a red giant which fuses helium to carbon and oxygen in its core. If a red giant has insufficient mass to generate the core temperatures required to fuse carbon, around 1 billion K, an inert mass of carbon and oxygen will build up at its center. After blowing off its outer layers to form a planetary nebula, the core will be left behind to form the remnant white dwarf. White dwarfs are composed of carbon and oxygen. A white dwarf is very hot when it is formed, but since it has no source of energy (no further fusion reactions), it will gradually radiate away its energy and cool down. Over a very long time, a white dwarf will cool to temperatures at which it will no longer emit significant light, and it will become a cold black dwarf. A red giant star is a star with a mass like the Sun that is in the last phase of its life, when Hydrogen fusion reactions in the core decrease due to the lack of fuel. With the gravitational collapse of the core, the fusion reactions now occur in a shell surrounding the core. The outer layer of the star expands enormously up to 1000 times the size of the Sun. When the Sun becomes a red giant, its volume will include the orbit of Mercury and Venus and maybe even Earth. The increased size increases the luminosity even though the outer layer cools to only 3000 K or so. The cooler outer layer causes it to be a red star. After a few more million years, the star evolves into a white dwarf-planetary nebula system. [SEP] their very small size
The Hertzsprung-Russell diagram (often referred to as the H-R diagram) is a scatter graph that shows various classes of stars in the context of properties such as their luminosity, absolute magnitude, color, and effective temperature. Created around 1910 by Ejnar Hertzsprung and Henry Norris Russell, the diagram provided a great help in understanding stellar evolution. There are several forms of the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram, and the nomenclature is not very well defined. The original diagram displayed the spectral type of stars on the horizontal axis and the absolute magnitude on the vertical axis. The form below shows Kelvin temperature along the horizontal axis going from high temperature on the left to low temperature on the right and luminosity on the vertical axis. We can think of the luminosity as brightness in multiples of the Sun. A luminosity of 100 on the axis would mean 100 times as bright as the Sun. Most of the stars occupy a region in the diagram along a line called the Main Sequence. During that stage, stars are fusing hydrogen into helium in their cores. The position of the Sun in the main sequence is shown in the diagram. You should note that the axial scales for this diagram are not linear. The vertical scale is logarithmic, each line is 100 times greater than the previous line. On the horizontal axis, as we move to the right, the temperature reduces by between 1,000 and 10,000 degrees K between each line. If all other factors were the same, the highest temperature stars would also be the most luminous (the brightest). In the main sequence of stars, we see that as the temperature increases to the left, the luminosity also increases, demonstrating that the hottest stars in this grouping are also the brightest. There are stars, however, that are less bright than their temperature would predict. This group of stars is called white dwarfs. These stars are less bright than expected because of their very small size. These dwarf stars are only one one-thousandth the size of stars in the main sequence. There are also stars that are much brighter than their temperature would predict. This group of stars are called red giants. They are brighter than their temperature would predict because they are much larger than stars in the main sequence. These stars have expanded to several thousand times the size of stars in the main sequence. Stars that are reddish in color are cooler than other stars while stars that are bluish in color are hotter than other stars. A white dwarf is a stellar remnant that is very dense. A white dwarfs mass is comparable to the Sun and its volume is comparable to that of Earth. The very low brightness of a white dwarf comes from the emission of stored heat energy. White dwarfs are thought to be the final evolutionary state of any star whose mass is not great enough to become a neutron star. Approximately 97% of the stars in our galaxy will become neutron stars. After the hydrogen-fusing lifetime of a main-sequence star of low or medium mass ends, it will expand to a red giant which fuses helium to carbon and oxygen in its core. If a red giant has insufficient mass to generate the core temperatures required to fuse carbon, around 1 billion K, an inert mass of carbon and oxygen will build up at its center. After blowing off its outer layers to form a planetary nebula, the core will be left behind to form the remnant white dwarf. White dwarfs are composed of carbon and oxygen. A white dwarf is very hot when it is formed, but since it has no source of energy (no further fusion reactions), it will gradually radiate away its energy and cool down. Over a very long time, a white dwarf will cool to temperatures at which it will no longer emit significant light, and it will become a cold black dwarf. A red giant star is a star with a mass like the Sun that is in the last phase of its life, when Hydrogen fusion reactions in the core decrease due to the lack of fuel. With the gravitational collapse of the core, the fusion reactions now occur in a shell surrounding the core. The outer layer of the star expands enormously up to 1000 times the size of the Sun. When the Sun becomes a red giant, its volume will include the orbit of Mercury and Venus and maybe even Earth. The increased size increases the luminosity even though the outer layer cools to only 3000 K or so. The cooler outer layer causes it to be a red star. After a few more million years, the star evolves into a white dwarf-planetary nebula system. [SEP] These stars are less bright than expected
It was not until 1543, when Copernicus (1473 - 1543) introduced a sun-centered design (heliocentric), that Ptolemys astronomy was seriously questioned and eventually overthrown. Copernicus studied at the University of Bologna, where he lived in the same house as the principal astronomer there. Copernicus assisted the astronomer in some of his observations and in the production of the annual astrological forecasts for the city. It is at Bologna that he probably first encountered a translation of Ptolemys Almagest that would later make it possible for Copernicus to successfully refute the ancient astronomer. Later, at the University of Padua, Copernicus studied medicine, which was closely associated with astrology at that time due to the belief that the stars influenced the dispositions of the body. Returning to Poland, Copernicus secured a teaching post at Wroclaw, where he primarily worked as a medical doctor and manager of Church affairs. In his spare time, he studied the stars and the planets (decades before the telescope was invented), and applied his mathematical understanding to the mysteries of the night sky. In so doing, he developed his theory of a system in which the Earth, like all the planets, revolved around the sun, and which simply and elegantly explained the curious retrograde movements of the planets. Copernicus wrote his theory in De Revolutionibus Orbium Coelestium (On the Revolutions of the Celestial Orbs). The book was completed in 1530 or so, but it wasnt published until the year he died, 1543. It has been suggested that Copernicus knew the publication would incur the wrath of the Catholic church and he didnt want to deal with problems so he didnt publish his theory until he was on his death bed. Legend has it that a copy of the printers proof was placed in his hands as he lay in a coma, and he woke long enough to recognize what he was holding before he died. Tycho Brahe (1546 - 1601) was born in a part of southern Sweden that was part of Denmark at the time. While attending the university to study law and philosophy, he became interested in astronomy and spent most evenings observing the stars. One of Tycho Brahes first contributions to astronomy was the detection and correction of several serious errors in the standard astronomical tables. Then, in 1572, he discovered a supernova located in the constellation of Cassiopeia. Tycho built his own instruments and made the most complete and accurate observations available without the use of a telescope. Eventually, his fame led to an offer from King Frederick II of Denmark & Norway to fund the construction of an astronomical observatory. The island of Van was chosen and in 1576, construction began. Tycho Brahe spent twenty years there, making observations on celestial bodies. During his life, Tycho Brahe did not accept Copernicus model of the universe. He attempted to combine it with the Ptolemaic model. As a theoretician, Tycho was a failure but his observations and the data he collected was far superior to any others made prior to the invention of the telescope. After Tycho Brahes death, his assistant, Johannes Kepler used Tycho Brahes observations to calculate his own three laws of planetary motion. In 1600, Johannes Kepler (1571 - 1630) began working as Tychos assistant. They recognized that neither the Ptolemaic (geocentric) or Copernican (heliocentric) models could predict positions of Mars as accurately as they could measure them. Tycho died in 1601 and after that Kepler had full access to Tychos data. He analyzed the data for 8 years and tried to calculate an orbit that would fit the data, but was unable to do so. Kepler later determined that the orbits were not circular but elliptical. [SEP] the belief that the stars influenced the dispositions of the body
It was not until 1543, when Copernicus (1473 - 1543) introduced a sun-centered design (heliocentric), that Ptolemys astronomy was seriously questioned and eventually overthrown. Copernicus studied at the University of Bologna, where he lived in the same house as the principal astronomer there. Copernicus assisted the astronomer in some of his observations and in the production of the annual astrological forecasts for the city. It is at Bologna that he probably first encountered a translation of Ptolemys Almagest that would later make it possible for Copernicus to successfully refute the ancient astronomer. Later, at the University of Padua, Copernicus studied medicine, which was closely associated with astrology at that time due to the belief that the stars influenced the dispositions of the body. Returning to Poland, Copernicus secured a teaching post at Wroclaw, where he primarily worked as a medical doctor and manager of Church affairs. In his spare time, he studied the stars and the planets (decades before the telescope was invented), and applied his mathematical understanding to the mysteries of the night sky. In so doing, he developed his theory of a system in which the Earth, like all the planets, revolved around the sun, and which simply and elegantly explained the curious retrograde movements of the planets. Copernicus wrote his theory in De Revolutionibus Orbium Coelestium (On the Revolutions of the Celestial Orbs). The book was completed in 1530 or so, but it wasnt published until the year he died, 1543. It has been suggested that Copernicus knew the publication would incur the wrath of the Catholic church and he didnt want to deal with problems so he didnt publish his theory until he was on his death bed. Legend has it that a copy of the printers proof was placed in his hands as he lay in a coma, and he woke long enough to recognize what he was holding before he died. Tycho Brahe (1546 - 1601) was born in a part of southern Sweden that was part of Denmark at the time. While attending the university to study law and philosophy, he became interested in astronomy and spent most evenings observing the stars. One of Tycho Brahes first contributions to astronomy was the detection and correction of several serious errors in the standard astronomical tables. Then, in 1572, he discovered a supernova located in the constellation of Cassiopeia. Tycho built his own instruments and made the most complete and accurate observations available without the use of a telescope. Eventually, his fame led to an offer from King Frederick II of Denmark & Norway to fund the construction of an astronomical observatory. The island of Van was chosen and in 1576, construction began. Tycho Brahe spent twenty years there, making observations on celestial bodies. During his life, Tycho Brahe did not accept Copernicus model of the universe. He attempted to combine it with the Ptolemaic model. As a theoretician, Tycho was a failure but his observations and the data he collected was far superior to any others made prior to the invention of the telescope. After Tycho Brahes death, his assistant, Johannes Kepler used Tycho Brahes observations to calculate his own three laws of planetary motion. In 1600, Johannes Kepler (1571 - 1630) began working as Tychos assistant. They recognized that neither the Ptolemaic (geocentric) or Copernican (heliocentric) models could predict positions of Mars as accurately as they could measure them. Tycho died in 1601 and after that Kepler had full access to Tychos data. He analyzed the data for 8 years and tried to calculate an orbit that would fit the data, but was unable to do so. Kepler later determined that the orbits were not circular but elliptical. [SEP] Later, at the University of Padua, Copernicus studied medicine, which was closely associated with astrology at that time
Galileo Galilei (1564-1642) was a very important person in the development of modern astronomy, both because of his contributions directly to astronomy, and because of his work in physics. He provided the crucial observations that proved the Copernican hypothesis, and also laid the foundations for a correct understanding of how objects moved on the surface of the earth and of gravity. One could, with considerable justification, view Galileo as the father both of modern astronomy and of modern physics. Galileo did not invent the telescope, but he was the first to turn his telescope toward the sky to study the heavens systematically. His telescope was poorer than even a cheap modern amateur telescope, but what he observed in the heavens showed errors in Aristotles opinion of the universe and the worldview that it supported. Observations through Galileos telescope made it clear that the earth-centered and earth doesnt move solar system of Aristotle was incorrect. Since church officials had made some of Aristotles opinions a part of the religious views of the church, proving Aristotles views to be incorrect also pointed out flaws in the church. Galileo observed four points of light that changed their positions around the planet Jupiter and he concluded that these were moons in orbit around Jupiter. These observations showed that there were new things in the heavens that Aristotle and Ptolemy had known nothing about. Furthermore, they demonstrated that a planet could have moons circling it that would not be left behind as the planet moved around its orbit. One of the arguments against the Copernican system had been that if the moon were in orbit around the Earth and the Earth in orbit around the Sun, the Earth would leave the Moon behind as it moved around its orbit. Galileo used his telescope to show that Venus, like the moon, went through a complete set of phases. This observation was extremely important because it was the first observation that was consistent with the Copernican system but not the Ptolemaic system. In the Ptolemaic system, Venus should always be in crescent phase as viewed from the Earth because the sun is beyond Venus, but in the Copernican system Venus should exhibit a complete set of phases over time as viewed from the Earth because it is illuminated from the center of its orbit. It is important to note that this was the first empirical evidence (coming almost a century after Copernicus) that allowed a definitive test of the two models. Until that point, both the Ptolemaic and Copernican models described the available data. The primary attraction of the Copernican system was that it described the data in a simpler fashion, but here finally was conclusive evidence that not only was the Ptolemaic universe more complicated, it also was incorrect. As each new observation was brought to light, increasing doubt was cast on the old views of the heavens. It also raised the credibility issue: could the authority of Aristotle and Ptolemy be trusted concerning the nature of the Universe if there were so many things in the Universe about which they had been unaware and/or incorrect? Galileos challenge of the Churchs authority through his refutation of the Aristotelian concept of the Universe eventually got him into deep trouble. Late in his life he was forced, under threat of torture, to publicly recant his Copernican views and spent his last years under house arrest. Galileos life is a sad example of the conflict between the scientific method and unquestioned authority. Sir Isaac Newton (1642-1727), who was born the same year that Galileo died, would build on Galileos ideas to demonstrate that the laws of motion in the heavens and the laws of motion on the earth were the same. Thus Galileo began, and Newton completed, a synthesis of astronomy and physics in which astronomy was recognized as but a part of physics, and that the opinions of Aristotle were almost completely eliminated from both. Many scientists consider Newton to be a peer of Einstein in scientific thinking. Newtons accomplishments had even greater scope than those of Einstein. The poet Alexander Pope wrote of Newton: Nature and Natures laws lay hid in night; God said, Let Newton be! and all was light. In terms of astronomy, Newton gave reasons for and corrections to Keplers Laws. Kepler had proposed three Laws of Planetary motion based on Tycho Brahes data. These Laws were supposed to apply only to the motions of the planets. Further, they were purely empirical, that is, they worked, but no one knew why they worked. Newton changed all of that. First, he demonstrated that the motion of objects on the Earth could be described by three new Laws of motion, and then he went on to show that Keplers three Laws of Planetary Motion were but special cases of Newtons three Laws when his gravitational force was postulated to exist between all masses in the Universe. In fact, Newton showed that Keplers Laws of planetary motion were only approximately correct, and supplied the quantitative corrections that with careful observations proved to be valid. [SEP] his contributions directly to astronomy, and
Galileo Galilei (1564-1642) was a very important person in the development of modern astronomy, both because of his contributions directly to astronomy, and because of his work in physics. He provided the crucial observations that proved the Copernican hypothesis, and also laid the foundations for a correct understanding of how objects moved on the surface of the earth and of gravity. One could, with considerable justification, view Galileo as the father both of modern astronomy and of modern physics. Galileo did not invent the telescope, but he was the first to turn his telescope toward the sky to study the heavens systematically. His telescope was poorer than even a cheap modern amateur telescope, but what he observed in the heavens showed errors in Aristotles opinion of the universe and the worldview that it supported. Observations through Galileos telescope made it clear that the earth-centered and earth doesnt move solar system of Aristotle was incorrect. Since church officials had made some of Aristotles opinions a part of the religious views of the church, proving Aristotles views to be incorrect also pointed out flaws in the church. Galileo observed four points of light that changed their positions around the planet Jupiter and he concluded that these were moons in orbit around Jupiter. These observations showed that there were new things in the heavens that Aristotle and Ptolemy had known nothing about. Furthermore, they demonstrated that a planet could have moons circling it that would not be left behind as the planet moved around its orbit. One of the arguments against the Copernican system had been that if the moon were in orbit around the Earth and the Earth in orbit around the Sun, the Earth would leave the Moon behind as it moved around its orbit. Galileo used his telescope to show that Venus, like the moon, went through a complete set of phases. This observation was extremely important because it was the first observation that was consistent with the Copernican system but not the Ptolemaic system. In the Ptolemaic system, Venus should always be in crescent phase as viewed from the Earth because the sun is beyond Venus, but in the Copernican system Venus should exhibit a complete set of phases over time as viewed from the Earth because it is illuminated from the center of its orbit. It is important to note that this was the first empirical evidence (coming almost a century after Copernicus) that allowed a definitive test of the two models. Until that point, both the Ptolemaic and Copernican models described the available data. The primary attraction of the Copernican system was that it described the data in a simpler fashion, but here finally was conclusive evidence that not only was the Ptolemaic universe more complicated, it also was incorrect. As each new observation was brought to light, increasing doubt was cast on the old views of the heavens. It also raised the credibility issue: could the authority of Aristotle and Ptolemy be trusted concerning the nature of the Universe if there were so many things in the Universe about which they had been unaware and/or incorrect? Galileos challenge of the Churchs authority through his refutation of the Aristotelian concept of the Universe eventually got him into deep trouble. Late in his life he was forced, under threat of torture, to publicly recant his Copernican views and spent his last years under house arrest. Galileos life is a sad example of the conflict between the scientific method and unquestioned authority. Sir Isaac Newton (1642-1727), who was born the same year that Galileo died, would build on Galileos ideas to demonstrate that the laws of motion in the heavens and the laws of motion on the earth were the same. Thus Galileo began, and Newton completed, a synthesis of astronomy and physics in which astronomy was recognized as but a part of physics, and that the opinions of Aristotle were almost completely eliminated from both. Many scientists consider Newton to be a peer of Einstein in scientific thinking. Newtons accomplishments had even greater scope than those of Einstein. The poet Alexander Pope wrote of Newton: Nature and Natures laws lay hid in night; God said, Let Newton be! and all was light. In terms of astronomy, Newton gave reasons for and corrections to Keplers Laws. Kepler had proposed three Laws of Planetary motion based on Tycho Brahes data. These Laws were supposed to apply only to the motions of the planets. Further, they were purely empirical, that is, they worked, but no one knew why they worked. Newton changed all of that. First, he demonstrated that the motion of objects on the Earth could be described by three new Laws of motion, and then he went on to show that Keplers three Laws of Planetary Motion were but special cases of Newtons three Laws when his gravitational force was postulated to exist between all masses in the Universe. In fact, Newton showed that Keplers Laws of planetary motion were only approximately correct, and supplied the quantitative corrections that with careful observations proved to be valid. [SEP] Galileo Galilei (1564-1642) was a very important person in the development of modern astronomy, both
Tides are the daily rise and fall of sea level at any given place. The pull of the Moons gravity on Earth is the primary cause of tides and the pull of the Suns gravity on Earth is the secondary cause (Figure 1.1). The Moon has a greater effect because, although it is much smaller than the Sun, it is much closer. The Moons pull is about twice that of the Suns. To understand the tides it is easiest to start with the effect of the Moon on Earth. As the Moon revolves around our planet, its gravity pulls Earth toward it. The lithosphere is unable to move much, but the water is pulled by the gravity and a bulge is created. This bulge is the high tide beneath the Moon. On the other side of the Earth, a high tide is produced where the Moons pull is weakest. These two water bulges on opposite sides of the Earth aligned with the Moon are the high tides. The places directly in between the high tides are low tides. As the Earth rotates beneath the Moon, a single spot will experience two high tides and two low tides approximately every day. High tides occur about every 12 hours and 25 minutes. The reason is that the Moon takes 24 hours and 50 minutes to rotate once around the Earth, so the Moon is over the same location every 24 hours and 50 minutes. Since high tides occur twice a day, one arrives each 12 hours and 25 minutes. What is the time between a high tide and the next low tide? The gravity of the Sun also pulls Earths water towards it and causes its own tides. Because the Sun is so far away, its pull is smaller than the Moons. Some coastal areas do not follow this pattern at all. These coastal areas may have one high and one low tide per day or a different amount of time between two high tides. These differences are often because of local conditions, such as the shape of the coastline that the tide is entering. The gravitational attraction of the Moon to ocean water creates the high and low tides. [SEP] local conditions, such as the shape of the coastline that the tide is entering
Tides are the daily rise and fall of sea level at any given place. The pull of the Moons gravity on Earth is the primary cause of tides and the pull of the Suns gravity on Earth is the secondary cause (Figure 1.1). The Moon has a greater effect because, although it is much smaller than the Sun, it is much closer. The Moons pull is about twice that of the Suns. To understand the tides it is easiest to start with the effect of the Moon on Earth. As the Moon revolves around our planet, its gravity pulls Earth toward it. The lithosphere is unable to move much, but the water is pulled by the gravity and a bulge is created. This bulge is the high tide beneath the Moon. On the other side of the Earth, a high tide is produced where the Moons pull is weakest. These two water bulges on opposite sides of the Earth aligned with the Moon are the high tides. The places directly in between the high tides are low tides. As the Earth rotates beneath the Moon, a single spot will experience two high tides and two low tides approximately every day. High tides occur about every 12 hours and 25 minutes. The reason is that the Moon takes 24 hours and 50 minutes to rotate once around the Earth, so the Moon is over the same location every 24 hours and 50 minutes. Since high tides occur twice a day, one arrives each 12 hours and 25 minutes. What is the time between a high tide and the next low tide? The gravity of the Sun also pulls Earths water towards it and causes its own tides. Because the Sun is so far away, its pull is smaller than the Moons. Some coastal areas do not follow this pattern at all. These coastal areas may have one high and one low tide per day or a different amount of time between two high tides. These differences are often because of local conditions, such as the shape of the coastline that the tide is entering. The gravitational attraction of the Moon to ocean water creates the high and low tides. [SEP] These differences are often
Any city can have photochemical smog, but it is most common in sunny, dry locations. A rise in the number of vehicles in cities worldwide has increased photochemical smog. Nitrogen oxides, ozone, and several other compounds are some of the components of this type of air pollution. Photochemical smog forms when car exhaust is exposed to sunlight. Nitrogen oxide is created by gas combustion in cars and then into the air (Figure 1.3). In the presence of sunshine, the NO2 splits and releases an oxygen ion (O). The O then combines with an oxygen molecule (O2 ) to form ozone (O3 ). This reaction can also go in reverse: Nitric oxide (NO) removes an oxygen atom from ozone to make it O2 . The direction the reaction goes depends on how much NO2 and NO there is. If NO2 is three times more abundant than NO, ozone will be produced. If nitric oxide levels are high, ozone will not be created. The brown color of the air behind the Golden Gate Bridge is typical of California cities, because of nitrogen oxides. Ozone is one of the major secondary pollutants. It is created by a chemical reaction that takes place in exhaust and in the presence of sunlight. The gas is acrid-smelling and whitish. Warm, dry cities surrounded by mountains, such as Los Angeles, Phoenix, and Denver, are especially prone to photochemical smog. Photochemical smog peaks at midday on the hottest days of summer. Ozone is also a greenhouse gas. [SEP] nitrogen oxides
Any city can have photochemical smog, but it is most common in sunny, dry locations. A rise in the number of vehicles in cities worldwide has increased photochemical smog. Nitrogen oxides, ozone, and several other compounds are some of the components of this type of air pollution. Photochemical smog forms when car exhaust is exposed to sunlight. Nitrogen oxide is created by gas combustion in cars and then into the air (Figure 1.3). In the presence of sunshine, the NO2 splits and releases an oxygen ion (O). The O then combines with an oxygen molecule (O2 ) to form ozone (O3 ). This reaction can also go in reverse: Nitric oxide (NO) removes an oxygen atom from ozone to make it O2 . The direction the reaction goes depends on how much NO2 and NO there is. If NO2 is three times more abundant than NO, ozone will be produced. If nitric oxide levels are high, ozone will not be created. The brown color of the air behind the Golden Gate Bridge is typical of California cities, because of nitrogen oxides. Ozone is one of the major secondary pollutants. It is created by a chemical reaction that takes place in exhaust and in the presence of sunlight. The gas is acrid-smelling and whitish. Warm, dry cities surrounded by mountains, such as Los Angeles, Phoenix, and Denver, are especially prone to photochemical smog. Photochemical smog peaks at midday on the hottest days of summer. Ozone is also a greenhouse gas. [SEP] The brown color of the air behind the Golden Gate Bridge is typical of California cities
Water molecules in waves make circles or ellipses (Figure 1.1). Energy transfers between molecules, but the molecules themselves mostly bob up and down in place. The circles show the motion of a water molecule in a wind wave. Wave energy is greatest at the surface and decreases with depth. "A" shows that a water molecule travels in a circular motion in deep water. "B" shows that molecules in shallow water travel in an elliptical path because of the ocean bottom. [SEP] the ocean bottom
Water molecules in waves make circles or ellipses (Figure 1.1). Energy transfers between molecules, but the molecules themselves mostly bob up and down in place. The circles show the motion of a water molecule in a wind wave. Wave energy is greatest at the surface and decreases with depth. "A" shows that a water molecule travels in a circular motion in deep water. "B" shows that molecules in shallow water travel in an elliptical path because of the ocean bottom. [SEP] B" shows that molecules in shallow water travel in an elliptical path
The dermis is the inner layer of skin. It is made of tough connective tissue. The dermis is attached to the epidermis by fibers made of the protein collagen. The dermis is where most skin structures are located. Look again at Figure pain, pressure, and temperature. If you cut your skin and it bleeds, the cut has penetrated the dermis and damaged a blood vessel. The cut probably hurts as well because of the nerve endings in this skin layer. The dermis also contains hair follicles and two types of glands. You can see some of these structures in Figure 16.8. Hair follicles are structures where hairs originate. Each hair grows out of a follicle, passes up through the epidermis, and extends above the skin surface. Sebaceous glands are commonly called oil glands. They produce an oily substance called sebum. Sebum is secreted into hair follicles. Then it makes its way along the hair shaft to the surface of the skin. Sebum waterproofs the hair and skin and helps prevent them from drying out. Sweat glands produce the salty fluid known as sweat. Sweat contains excess water, salts, and other waste products. Each sweat gland has a duct that passes through the epidermis. Sweat travels from the gland through the duct and out through a pore on the surface of the skin. [SEP] the nerve endings in this skin layer
The dermis is the inner layer of skin. It is made of tough connective tissue. The dermis is attached to the epidermis by fibers made of the protein collagen. The dermis is where most skin structures are located. Look again at Figure pain, pressure, and temperature. If you cut your skin and it bleeds, the cut has penetrated the dermis and damaged a blood vessel. The cut probably hurts as well because of the nerve endings in this skin layer. The dermis also contains hair follicles and two types of glands. You can see some of these structures in Figure 16.8. Hair follicles are structures where hairs originate. Each hair grows out of a follicle, passes up through the epidermis, and extends above the skin surface. Sebaceous glands are commonly called oil glands. They produce an oily substance called sebum. Sebum is secreted into hair follicles. Then it makes its way along the hair shaft to the surface of the skin. Sebum waterproofs the hair and skin and helps prevent them from drying out. Sweat glands produce the salty fluid known as sweat. Sweat contains excess water, salts, and other waste products. Each sweat gland has a duct that passes through the epidermis. Sweat travels from the gland through the duct and out through a pore on the surface of the skin. [SEP] The cut probably hurts as well
What can you do to keep your skin healthy? The most important step you can take is to protect your skin from sun exposure. On sunny days, wear long sleeves and pants and a hat with a brim. Also apply sunscreen to exposed areas of skin. Protecting your skin in these ways will reduce damage to your skin by ultraviolet light. This is important because skin that has been damaged by ultraviolet light is at greater risk of developing skin cancer. This is true whether the damage is due to sunlight or the light in tanning beds. About 85 percent of teens develop acne, like the boy in Figure 16.9. Acne is a condition in which pimples form on the skin. It is caused by a bacterial infection. It happens when the sebaceous glands secrete too much sebum. The excess oil provides a good place for bacteria to grow. Keeping the skin clean helps prevent acne. Over-the-counter products or prescription drugs may be needed if the problem is serious or doesnt clear up on its own. [SEP] sunlight or the light in tanning beds
What can you do to keep your skin healthy? The most important step you can take is to protect your skin from sun exposure. On sunny days, wear long sleeves and pants and a hat with a brim. Also apply sunscreen to exposed areas of skin. Protecting your skin in these ways will reduce damage to your skin by ultraviolet light. This is important because skin that has been damaged by ultraviolet light is at greater risk of developing skin cancer. This is true whether the damage is due to sunlight or the light in tanning beds. About 85 percent of teens develop acne, like the boy in Figure 16.9. Acne is a condition in which pimples form on the skin. It is caused by a bacterial infection. It happens when the sebaceous glands secrete too much sebum. The excess oil provides a good place for bacteria to grow. Keeping the skin clean helps prevent acne. Over-the-counter products or prescription drugs may be needed if the problem is serious or doesnt clear up on its own. [SEP] This is true whether the damage is
The esophagus is a long, narrow tube that carries food from the pharynx to the stomach. It has no other purpose. Food moves through the esophagus because of peristalsis. At the lower end of the esophagus, a circular muscle, called a sphincter, controls the opening to the stomach. The sphincter relaxes to let food pass into the stomach. Then the sphincter contracts to prevent food from passing back into the esophagus. [SEP] peristalsis
The esophagus is a long, narrow tube that carries food from the pharynx to the stomach. It has no other purpose. Food moves through the esophagus because of peristalsis. At the lower end of the esophagus, a circular muscle, called a sphincter, controls the opening to the stomach. The sphincter relaxes to let food pass into the stomach. Then the sphincter contracts to prevent food from passing back into the esophagus. [SEP] Food moves through the esophagus
Blood is a liquid connective tissue. It circulates throughout the body via blood vessels due to the pumping action of the heart. You couldnt survive without the approximately 4.5 to 5 liters of blood that are constantly being pumped through your blood vessels. [SEP] the pumping action of the heart
Blood is a liquid connective tissue. It circulates throughout the body via blood vessels due to the pumping action of the heart. You couldnt survive without the approximately 4.5 to 5 liters of blood that are constantly being pumped through your blood vessels. [SEP] It circulates throughout the body via blood vessels
Anemia is a disease that occurs when there is not enough hemoglobin (or iron) in the blood so it cant carry adequate oxygen to the cells. There are many possible causes of anemia. One possible cause is excessive blood loss due to an injury or surgery. Not getting enough iron in the diet is another possible cause. [SEP] an injury or surgery
Anemia is a disease that occurs when there is not enough hemoglobin (or iron) in the blood so it cant carry adequate oxygen to the cells. There are many possible causes of anemia. One possible cause is excessive blood loss due to an injury or surgery. Not getting enough iron in the diet is another possible cause. [SEP] One possible cause is excessive blood loss
Each of the trillions of cells in your body is continuously performing thousands of anabolic and catabolic reactions. Thats an amazing number of biochemical reactionsfar more than the number of chemical reactions that might take place in a science lab or chemical plant. So many biochemical reactions can take place simultaneously in our cells because biochemical reactions occur very quickly. Thats because of enzymes. Enzymes are proteins that increase the rate of biochemical reactions. Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Enzymes are highly specific for certain chemical reactions, so they are very effective. A reaction that would take years to occur without its enzyme might occur in a split second with the enzyme. [SEP] enzymes
Each of the trillions of cells in your body is continuously performing thousands of anabolic and catabolic reactions. Thats an amazing number of biochemical reactionsfar more than the number of chemical reactions that might take place in a science lab or chemical plant. So many biochemical reactions can take place simultaneously in our cells because biochemical reactions occur very quickly. Thats because of enzymes. Enzymes are proteins that increase the rate of biochemical reactions. Enzymes arent changed or used up in the reactions, so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again. Enzymes are highly specific for certain chemical reactions, so they are very effective. A reaction that would take years to occur without its enzyme might occur in a split second with the enzyme. [SEP] Thats
The cerebrum is divided down the middle from the front to the back of the head. The two halves of the cerebrum are called the right and left hemispheres. The two hemispheres are very similar but not identical. They are connected to each other by a thick bundle of axons deep within the brain. These axons allow the two hemispheres to communicate with each other. Did you know that the right hemisphere of the cerebrum controls the left side of the body, and vice versa? This can happen because of the connections between the two hemispheres. Each hemisphere is further divided into four parts, called lobes, as you can see in Figure 20.6. Each lobe has different functions. One function of each lobe is listed in the figure. [SEP] the connections between the two hemispheres
The cerebrum is divided down the middle from the front to the back of the head. The two halves of the cerebrum are called the right and left hemispheres. The two hemispheres are very similar but not identical. They are connected to each other by a thick bundle of axons deep within the brain. These axons allow the two hemispheres to communicate with each other. Did you know that the right hemisphere of the cerebrum controls the left side of the body, and vice versa? This can happen because of the connections between the two hemispheres. Each hemisphere is further divided into four parts, called lobes, as you can see in Figure 20.6. Each lobe has different functions. One function of each lobe is listed in the figure. [SEP] This can happen
The brain and spinal cord are protected within bones of the skeletal system, but injuries to these organs still occur. With mild injuries, there may be no lasting effects. With severe injuries, there may be permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur because of car crashes or athletic activities. Fortunately, many injuries can be prevented by wearing seat belts and safety helmets (see Figure 20.9). Avoiding unnecessary risks, such as doing stunts on a bike or diving into shallow water, can also reduce the chances of brain and spinal cord injuries. The most common type of brain injury is a concussion. This is a bruise on the surface of the brain. It may cause temporary symptoms such as headache and confusion. Most concussions heal on their own in a few days or weeks. However, repeated concussions can lead to permanent changes in the brain. More serious brain injuries also often cause permanent brain damage. Spinal cord injuries may cause paralysis. Some people recover from spinal cord injuries. However, many people remain paralyzed for life. This happens when the spinal cord can no longer transmit nerve impulses between the body and brain. [SEP] car crashes or athletic activities
The brain and spinal cord are protected within bones of the skeletal system, but injuries to these organs still occur. With mild injuries, there may be no lasting effects. With severe injuries, there may be permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur because of car crashes or athletic activities. Fortunately, many injuries can be prevented by wearing seat belts and safety helmets (see Figure 20.9). Avoiding unnecessary risks, such as doing stunts on a bike or diving into shallow water, can also reduce the chances of brain and spinal cord injuries. The most common type of brain injury is a concussion. This is a bruise on the surface of the brain. It may cause temporary symptoms such as headache and confusion. Most concussions heal on their own in a few days or weeks. However, repeated concussions can lead to permanent changes in the brain. More serious brain injuries also often cause permanent brain damage. Spinal cord injuries may cause paralysis. Some people recover from spinal cord injuries. However, many people remain paralyzed for life. This happens when the spinal cord can no longer transmit nerve impulses between the body and brain. [SEP] Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur
Adolescence is the stage of life between the start of puberty and the beginning of adulthood. Adolescence begins with the physical changes of puberty. It also includes many other changes, including mental, emotional, and social changes. During adolescence: Teens develop new thinking abilities. For example, they develop the ability to understand abstract ideas, such as honesty and freedom. Their ability to think logically also improves. They usually get better at problem solving as well. Teens try to establish a sense of identity. They typically become increasingly independent from their parents. Many teens have emotional ups and downs. This is at least partly due to their changing hormone levels. Teens usually start spending more time with their peers, like the girls in Figure 22.13. Adolescents usually spend much more time with their friends and classmates than they do with family members. [SEP] their changing hormone levels
Adolescence is the stage of life between the start of puberty and the beginning of adulthood. Adolescence begins with the physical changes of puberty. It also includes many other changes, including mental, emotional, and social changes. During adolescence: Teens develop new thinking abilities. For example, they develop the ability to understand abstract ideas, such as honesty and freedom. Their ability to think logically also improves. They usually get better at problem solving as well. Teens try to establish a sense of identity. They typically become increasingly independent from their parents. Many teens have emotional ups and downs. This is at least partly due to their changing hormone levels. Teens usually start spending more time with their peers, like the girls in Figure 22.13. Adolescents usually spend much more time with their friends and classmates than they do with family members. [SEP] This is at least partly
The earliest members of the human species evolved around 200,000 years ago in Africa. Early humans lived in small populations of nomadic hunters and gatherers. Human beings remained in Africa until about 40,000 years ago. After that, they spread throughout Europe, Asia, and Australia. By 10,000 years ago, the first human beings colonized the Americas. During this long period of time, the total number of human beings increased very slowly. Birth rates were fairly high but so were death rates, producing low rates of population growth. Human beings invented agriculture about 10,000 years ago. This provided a bigger, more dependable food supply. It also allowed people to settle down in villages and cities for the first time. Birth rates went up because there was more food and settled life had other advantages. Death rates also rose because of crowded living conditions and diseases that spread from domestic animals. Because the higher birth rates were matched by higher death rates, the human population continued to grow very slowly. [SEP] crowded living conditions and diseases that spread from domestic animals
The earliest members of the human species evolved around 200,000 years ago in Africa. Early humans lived in small populations of nomadic hunters and gatherers. Human beings remained in Africa until about 40,000 years ago. After that, they spread throughout Europe, Asia, and Australia. By 10,000 years ago, the first human beings colonized the Americas. During this long period of time, the total number of human beings increased very slowly. Birth rates were fairly high but so were death rates, producing low rates of population growth. Human beings invented agriculture about 10,000 years ago. This provided a bigger, more dependable food supply. It also allowed people to settle down in villages and cities for the first time. Birth rates went up because there was more food and settled life had other advantages. Death rates also rose because of crowded living conditions and diseases that spread from domestic animals. Because the higher birth rates were matched by higher death rates, the human population continued to grow very slowly. [SEP] Death rates also rose
Water changes to a gas by three different processes called evaporation, sublimation, and transpiration. Evaporation takes place when water on Earths surface changes to water vapor. The sun heats the water and gives water molecules enough energy to escape into the atmosphere. Most evaporation occurs from the surface of the ocean. Sublimation takes place when snow and ice on Earths surface change directly to water vapor without first melting to form liquid water. This also happens because of heat from the sun. Transpiration takes place when plants release water vapor through pores in their leaves called stomata. [SEP] heat from the sun
Water changes to a gas by three different processes called evaporation, sublimation, and transpiration. Evaporation takes place when water on Earths surface changes to water vapor. The sun heats the water and gives water molecules enough energy to escape into the atmosphere. Most evaporation occurs from the surface of the ocean. Sublimation takes place when snow and ice on Earths surface change directly to water vapor without first melting to form liquid water. This also happens because of heat from the sun. Transpiration takes place when plants release water vapor through pores in their leaves called stomata. [SEP] This also happens
Another major problem caused by air pollution is global climate change. Gases such as carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuels increase the greenhouse effect and raise Earths temperature. The greenhouse effect is a natural feature of Earths atmosphere. It occurs when certain gases in the atmosphere, including carbon dioxide, radiate the suns heat back down to Earths surface. Figure 25.2 shows how this happens. Without greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, the heat would escape into space. The natural greenhouse effect of Earths atmosphere keeps the planets temperature within a range that can support life. The rise in greenhouse gases due to human actions is too much of a good thing. It increases the greenhouse effect and causes Earths average temperature to rise. Rising global temperatures, in turn, are melting polar ice caps and glaciers. Figure 25.3 shows how much smaller the Arctic ice cap was in 2012 than it was in 1984. With more liquid water on Earths surface, sea levels are rising. Adding more heat energy to Earths atmosphere also causes more extreme weather and changes in precipitation patterns. Global warming is already causing food and water shortages and species extinctions. These problems will only grow worse unless steps are taken to curb greenhouse gases and global climate change. [SEP] human actions is too much of a good thing
Another major problem caused by air pollution is global climate change. Gases such as carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuels increase the greenhouse effect and raise Earths temperature. The greenhouse effect is a natural feature of Earths atmosphere. It occurs when certain gases in the atmosphere, including carbon dioxide, radiate the suns heat back down to Earths surface. Figure 25.2 shows how this happens. Without greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, the heat would escape into space. The natural greenhouse effect of Earths atmosphere keeps the planets temperature within a range that can support life. The rise in greenhouse gases due to human actions is too much of a good thing. It increases the greenhouse effect and causes Earths average temperature to rise. Rising global temperatures, in turn, are melting polar ice caps and glaciers. Figure 25.3 shows how much smaller the Arctic ice cap was in 2012 than it was in 1984. With more liquid water on Earths surface, sea levels are rising. Adding more heat energy to Earths atmosphere also causes more extreme weather and changes in precipitation patterns. Global warming is already causing food and water shortages and species extinctions. These problems will only grow worse unless steps are taken to curb greenhouse gases and global climate change. [SEP] The rise in greenhouse gases
An example of point-source pollution is the release of pollution into a body of water through a pipe from a factory or sewage treatment plant. Waste water from a factory might contain dangerous chemicals such as strong acids, mercury, or lead. Water from a sewage treatment plant might contain untreated or partially treated sewage. Such pollution can make water dangerous for drinking or other uses. You can learn more about the problem of sewage contaminating the water in U.S. coastal communities by watching this video:  MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL:  In poor nations, many people have no choice but to drink water from polluted sources. Drinking sewage-contaminated water causes waterborne diseases, due to pathogens such as protozoa, viruses, or bacteria. Most waterborne diseases cause diarrhea. [SEP] pathogens such as protozoa, viruses, or bacteria
An example of point-source pollution is the release of pollution into a body of water through a pipe from a factory or sewage treatment plant. Waste water from a factory might contain dangerous chemicals such as strong acids, mercury, or lead. Water from a sewage treatment plant might contain untreated or partially treated sewage. Such pollution can make water dangerous for drinking or other uses. You can learn more about the problem of sewage contaminating the water in U.S. coastal communities by watching this video:  MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL:  In poor nations, many people have no choice but to drink water from polluted sources. Drinking sewage-contaminated water causes waterborne diseases, due to pathogens such as protozoa, viruses, or bacteria. Most waterborne diseases cause diarrhea. [SEP] Drinking sewage-contaminated water causes waterborne diseases
If heated water is released into a body of water, it may cause thermal pollution. Thermal pollution is a reduction in the quality of water because of an increase in water temperature. A common cause of thermal pollution is the use of water as a coolant by power plants and factories. This water is heated and then returned to the natural environment at a higher temperature. Warm water cant hold as much dissolved oxygen as cool water, so an increase in the temperature of water decreases the amount of oxygen it contains. Fish and other organisms adapted to a particular temperature range and oxygen concentration may be killed by the change in water temperature. [SEP] an increase in water temperature
If heated water is released into a body of water, it may cause thermal pollution. Thermal pollution is a reduction in the quality of water because of an increase in water temperature. A common cause of thermal pollution is the use of water as a coolant by power plants and factories. This water is heated and then returned to the natural environment at a higher temperature. Warm water cant hold as much dissolved oxygen as cool water, so an increase in the temperature of water decreases the amount of oxygen it contains. Fish and other organisms adapted to a particular temperature range and oxygen concentration may be killed by the change in water temperature. [SEP] Thermal pollution is a reduction in the quality of water
Switching to renewable energy sources solves many of the problems associated with nonrenewable energy. While it may be expensive to develop renewable energy sources, they are clearly the way of the future. Figure 25.11 represents three different renewable energy sources: solar, wind, and biomass energy. The three types are described below. You can watch Bill Nyes introduction to renewable energy resources in this video:  MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL:  Solar energy is energy provided by sunlight. Solar cells can turn sunlight into electricity. The energy in sunlight is virtually limitless and free and creates no pollution to use. Wind energy is energy provided by the blowing wind. Wind turbines, like those in Figure 25.11, can turn wind energy into electricity. The wind blows because of differences in heating of Earths atmosphere by the sun. There will never be a shortage of wind. Biomass energy is energy provided by burning or decomposing organic matter. For example, when garbage decomposes in a landfill, it releases methane gas. This gas can be captured and burned to produce electricity. Crops such as corn can also be converted into a liquid fuel and added to gasoline. Although biomass is renewable, burning it produces carbon dioxide, similar to fossil fuels. [SEP] differences in heating of Earths atmosphere by the sun
Switching to renewable energy sources solves many of the problems associated with nonrenewable energy. While it may be expensive to develop renewable energy sources, they are clearly the way of the future. Figure 25.11 represents three different renewable energy sources: solar, wind, and biomass energy. The three types are described below. You can watch Bill Nyes introduction to renewable energy resources in this video:  MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL:  Solar energy is energy provided by sunlight. Solar cells can turn sunlight into electricity. The energy in sunlight is virtually limitless and free and creates no pollution to use. Wind energy is energy provided by the blowing wind. Wind turbines, like those in Figure 25.11, can turn wind energy into electricity. The wind blows because of differences in heating of Earths atmosphere by the sun. There will never be a shortage of wind. Biomass energy is energy provided by burning or decomposing organic matter. For example, when garbage decomposes in a landfill, it releases methane gas. This gas can be captured and burned to produce electricity. Crops such as corn can also be converted into a liquid fuel and added to gasoline. Although biomass is renewable, burning it produces carbon dioxide, similar to fossil fuels. [SEP] The wind blows
Cellular respiration takes place in the cells of all organisms. It occurs in autotrophs such as plants as well as heterotrophs such as animals. Cellular respiration begins in the cytoplasm of cells. It is completed in mitochondria. The mitochondrion is a membrane-enclosed organelle in the cytoplasm. Its sometimes called the "powerhouse" of the cell because of its role in cellular respiration. Figure 4.12 shows the parts of the mitochondrion involved in cellular respiration. [SEP] its role in cellular respiration
Cellular respiration takes place in the cells of all organisms. It occurs in autotrophs such as plants as well as heterotrophs such as animals. Cellular respiration begins in the cytoplasm of cells. It is completed in mitochondria. The mitochondrion is a membrane-enclosed organelle in the cytoplasm. Its sometimes called the "powerhouse" of the cell because of its role in cellular respiration. Figure 4.12 shows the parts of the mitochondrion involved in cellular respiration. [SEP] Its sometimes called the "powerhouse" of the cell
Mutations have many possible causes. Some mutations occur when a mistake is made during DNA replication or transcription. Other mutations occur because of environmental factors. Anything in the environment that causes a mutation is known as a mutagen. Examples of mutagens are shown in Figure 5.21. They include ultraviolet rays in sunlight, chemicals in cigarette smoke, and certain viruses and bacteria. [SEP] environmental factors
Mutations have many possible causes. Some mutations occur when a mistake is made during DNA replication or transcription. Other mutations occur because of environmental factors. Anything in the environment that causes a mutation is known as a mutagen. Examples of mutagens are shown in Figure 5.21. They include ultraviolet rays in sunlight, chemicals in cigarette smoke, and certain viruses and bacteria. [SEP] Other mutations occur
We now know how variation in traits is inherited. Variation in traits is controlled by different alleles for genes. Alleles, in turn, are passed to gametes and then to offspring. Evolution occurs because of changes in alleles over time. How long a time? That depends on the time scale of evolution you consider. Evolution that occurs over a short period of time is known as microevolution. It might take place in just a couple of generations. This scale of evolution occurs at the level of the population. The Grants observed evolution at this scale in populations of Darwins finches. Beak size in finch populations changed in just two years because of a serious drought. Evolution that occurs over a long period of time is called macroevolution. It might take place over millions of years. This scale of evolution occurs above the level of the species. Fossils provide evidence for evolution at this scale. The evolution of the horse family, shown in Figure 7.13, is an example of macroevolution. [SEP] changes in alleles over time
We now know how variation in traits is inherited. Variation in traits is controlled by different alleles for genes. Alleles, in turn, are passed to gametes and then to offspring. Evolution occurs because of changes in alleles over time. How long a time? That depends on the time scale of evolution you consider. Evolution that occurs over a short period of time is known as microevolution. It might take place in just a couple of generations. This scale of evolution occurs at the level of the population. The Grants observed evolution at this scale in populations of Darwins finches. Beak size in finch populations changed in just two years because of a serious drought. Evolution that occurs over a long period of time is called macroevolution. It might take place over millions of years. This scale of evolution occurs above the level of the species. Fossils provide evidence for evolution at this scale. The evolution of the horse family, shown in Figure 7.13, is an example of macroevolution. [SEP] Evolution occurs
Photosynthetic bacteria use the energy of the sun to make their own food. In the presence of sunlight, carbon dioxide and water are turned into glucose and oxygen. The glucose is then turned into usable energy. Glucose is like the "food" for the bacteria. An example of photosynthetic bacteria is cyanobacteria, as seen in the opening image. These bacteria are sometimes called blue-green algae, although they are not algae, due to their numerous chlorophyll molecules. [SEP] their numerous chlorophyll molecules
Photosynthetic bacteria use the energy of the sun to make their own food. In the presence of sunlight, carbon dioxide and water are turned into glucose and oxygen. The glucose is then turned into usable energy. Glucose is like the "food" for the bacteria. An example of photosynthetic bacteria is cyanobacteria, as seen in the opening image. These bacteria are sometimes called blue-green algae, although they are not algae, due to their numerous chlorophyll molecules. [SEP] These bacteria are sometimes called blue-green algae, although they are not algae
Atherosclerosis in the arteries of the brain can also lead to a stroke. A stroke is a loss of brain function due to a blockage of the blood supply to the brain. Risk factors for stroke include old age, high blood pressure, having a previous stroke, diabetes, high cholesterol, and smoking. The best way to reduce the risk of stroke is to have low blood pressure. [SEP] a blockage of the blood supply to the brain
Atherosclerosis in the arteries of the brain can also lead to a stroke. A stroke is a loss of brain function due to a blockage of the blood supply to the brain. Risk factors for stroke include old age, high blood pressure, having a previous stroke, diabetes, high cholesterol, and smoking. The best way to reduce the risk of stroke is to have low blood pressure. [SEP] A stroke is a loss of brain function
Type 2 diabetes occurs when body cells are no longer sensitive to insulin. The pancreas may still make insulin, but the cells of the body cannot use it efficiently. Being overweight and having high blood pressure increase the chances of developing type 2 diabetes. Type 2 diabetes usually develops in adulthood, but it is becoming more common in teens and children. This is because more young people are overweight, due to a high sugar and fat diet, now than ever before. Some cases of type 2 diabetes can be cured with weight loss. However, most people with the disease need to take medicine to control their blood sugar. Regular exercise and balanced eating also help, and should be a regular part of the treatment for these people. Like people with type 1 diabetes, people with type 2 diabetes must frequently check their blood sugar. [SEP] a high sugar and fat diet, now than ever before
Type 2 diabetes occurs when body cells are no longer sensitive to insulin. The pancreas may still make insulin, but the cells of the body cannot use it efficiently. Being overweight and having high blood pressure increase the chances of developing type 2 diabetes. Type 2 diabetes usually develops in adulthood, but it is becoming more common in teens and children. This is because more young people are overweight, due to a high sugar and fat diet, now than ever before. Some cases of type 2 diabetes can be cured with weight loss. However, most people with the disease need to take medicine to control their blood sugar. Regular exercise and balanced eating also help, and should be a regular part of the treatment for these people. Like people with type 1 diabetes, people with type 2 diabetes must frequently check their blood sugar. [SEP] This is because more young people are overweight
The mouth is the first organ that food enters. But digestion may start even before you put the first bite of food into your mouth. Just seeing or smelling food can cause the release of saliva and digestive enzymes in your mouth. This diagram shows how muscles push food through the digestive system. Muscle contractions travel through the system in waves, pushing the food ahead of them. This is called peristalsis. Once you start eating, saliva wets the food, which makes it easier to break up and swallow. Digestive enzymes, including the enzyme amylase, start breaking down starches into sugars. Your tongue helps mix the food with the saliva and enzymes. Your teeth also help digest food. Your front teeth are sharp. They cut and tear food when you bite into it. Your back teeth are broad and flat. They grind food into smaller pieces when you chew. Chewing is part of mechanical digestion. Your tongue pushes the food to the back of your mouth so you can swallow it. When you swallow, the lump of chewed food passes down your throat to your esophagus. The esophagus is a narrow tube that carries food from the throat to the stomach. Food moves through the esophagus because of peristalsis. At the lower end of the esophagus, a circular muscle controls the opening to the stomach. The muscle relaxes to let food pass into the stomach. Then the muscle contracts again to prevent food from passing back into the esophagus. Some people think that gravity moves food through the esophagus. If that were true, food would move through the esophagus only when you are sitting or standing upright. In fact, because of peristalsis, food can move through the esophagus no matter what position you are ineven upside down! Just dont try to swallow food when you are upside downyou could choke! The stomach is a sac-like organ at the end of the esophagus. It has thick muscular walls. The muscles contract and relax. This moves the food around and helps break it into smaller pieces. Mixing the food around with the enzyme pepsin and other chemicals helps digest proteins. Water, salt, and simple sugars can be absorbed into the blood from the stomach. Most other substances are broken down further in the small intestine before they are absorbed. The stomach stores food until the small intestine is ready to receive it. A circular muscle controls the opening between the stomach and small intestine. When the small intestine is empty, the muscle relaxes. This lets food pass from the stomach into the small intestine. [SEP] peristalsis
The mouth is the first organ that food enters. But digestion may start even before you put the first bite of food into your mouth. Just seeing or smelling food can cause the release of saliva and digestive enzymes in your mouth. This diagram shows how muscles push food through the digestive system. Muscle contractions travel through the system in waves, pushing the food ahead of them. This is called peristalsis. Once you start eating, saliva wets the food, which makes it easier to break up and swallow. Digestive enzymes, including the enzyme amylase, start breaking down starches into sugars. Your tongue helps mix the food with the saliva and enzymes. Your teeth also help digest food. Your front teeth are sharp. They cut and tear food when you bite into it. Your back teeth are broad and flat. They grind food into smaller pieces when you chew. Chewing is part of mechanical digestion. Your tongue pushes the food to the back of your mouth so you can swallow it. When you swallow, the lump of chewed food passes down your throat to your esophagus. The esophagus is a narrow tube that carries food from the throat to the stomach. Food moves through the esophagus because of peristalsis. At the lower end of the esophagus, a circular muscle controls the opening to the stomach. The muscle relaxes to let food pass into the stomach. Then the muscle contracts again to prevent food from passing back into the esophagus. Some people think that gravity moves food through the esophagus. If that were true, food would move through the esophagus only when you are sitting or standing upright. In fact, because of peristalsis, food can move through the esophagus no matter what position you are ineven upside down! Just dont try to swallow food when you are upside downyou could choke! The stomach is a sac-like organ at the end of the esophagus. It has thick muscular walls. The muscles contract and relax. This moves the food around and helps break it into smaller pieces. Mixing the food around with the enzyme pepsin and other chemicals helps digest proteins. Water, salt, and simple sugars can be absorbed into the blood from the stomach. Most other substances are broken down further in the small intestine before they are absorbed. The stomach stores food until the small intestine is ready to receive it. A circular muscle controls the opening between the stomach and small intestine. When the small intestine is empty, the muscle relaxes. This lets food pass from the stomach into the small intestine. [SEP] Food moves through the esophagus
Like other parts of the body, the nervous system may develop tumors. A tumor is a mass of cells that grows out of control. A tumor in the brain may press on normal brain tissues. This can cause headaches, difficulty speaking, or other problems, depending on where the tumor is located. Pressure from a tumor can even cause permanent brain damage. In many cases, brain tumors can be removed with surgery. In other cases, tumors cant be removed without damaging the brain even more. In those cases, other types of treatments may be needed. Cerebral palsy is a disease caused by injury to the developing brain. The injury occurs before, during, or shortly after birth. Cerebral palsy is more common in babies that have a low weight at birth. But the cause of the brain injury is not often known. The disease usually affects the parts of the brain that control body movements. Symptoms range from weak muscles in mild cases to trouble walking and talking in more severe cases. There is no known cure for cerebral palsy. Epilepsy is a disease that causes seizures. A seizure is a period of lost consciousness that may include violent muscle contractions. It is caused by abnormal electrical activity in the brain. The cause of epilepsy may be an infection, a brain injury, or a tumor. The seizures of epilepsy can often be controlled with medicine. There is no known cure for the disease, but children with epilepsy may outgrow it by adulthood. A headache is a very common nervous system problem. Headaches may be a symptom of serious diseases, but they are more commonly due to muscle tension. A tension headache occurs when muscles in the shoulders, neck, and head become too tense. This often happens when people are stressed out. Just trying to relax may help relieve this type of headache. Mild pain relievers such as ibuprofen may also help. Sometimes relaxation is the best medicine for a tension headache and to help muscles get rid of pain. A migraine is a more severe type of headache. It occurs when blood vessels in the head dilate, or expand. This may be triggered by certain foods, bright lights, weather changes, or other factors. People with migraines may also have nausea or other symptoms. Fortunately, migraines can often be relieved with prescription drugs. There are many other nervous system diseases. They include multiple sclerosis, Huntingtons disease, Parkinsons disease, and Alzheimers disease. However, these diseases rarely, if ever, occur in young people. Their causes and symptoms are listed below ( Table 1.1). The diseases have no known cure, but medicines may help control their symptoms. Disease Multiple sclerosis Cause The immune system attacks and damages the central nervous sys- tem so neurons cannot function nor- mally. Symptoms Muscle weakness, difficulty mov- ing, problems with coordination, difficulty keeping the body bal- anced Parkinsons disease Alzheimers disease [SEP] muscle tension
Like other parts of the body, the nervous system may develop tumors. A tumor is a mass of cells that grows out of control. A tumor in the brain may press on normal brain tissues. This can cause headaches, difficulty speaking, or other problems, depending on where the tumor is located. Pressure from a tumor can even cause permanent brain damage. In many cases, brain tumors can be removed with surgery. In other cases, tumors cant be removed without damaging the brain even more. In those cases, other types of treatments may be needed. Cerebral palsy is a disease caused by injury to the developing brain. The injury occurs before, during, or shortly after birth. Cerebral palsy is more common in babies that have a low weight at birth. But the cause of the brain injury is not often known. The disease usually affects the parts of the brain that control body movements. Symptoms range from weak muscles in mild cases to trouble walking and talking in more severe cases. There is no known cure for cerebral palsy. Epilepsy is a disease that causes seizures. A seizure is a period of lost consciousness that may include violent muscle contractions. It is caused by abnormal electrical activity in the brain. The cause of epilepsy may be an infection, a brain injury, or a tumor. The seizures of epilepsy can often be controlled with medicine. There is no known cure for the disease, but children with epilepsy may outgrow it by adulthood. A headache is a very common nervous system problem. Headaches may be a symptom of serious diseases, but they are more commonly due to muscle tension. A tension headache occurs when muscles in the shoulders, neck, and head become too tense. This often happens when people are stressed out. Just trying to relax may help relieve this type of headache. Mild pain relievers such as ibuprofen may also help. Sometimes relaxation is the best medicine for a tension headache and to help muscles get rid of pain. A migraine is a more severe type of headache. It occurs when blood vessels in the head dilate, or expand. This may be triggered by certain foods, bright lights, weather changes, or other factors. People with migraines may also have nausea or other symptoms. Fortunately, migraines can often be relieved with prescription drugs. There are many other nervous system diseases. They include multiple sclerosis, Huntingtons disease, Parkinsons disease, and Alzheimers disease. However, these diseases rarely, if ever, occur in young people. Their causes and symptoms are listed below ( Table 1.1). The diseases have no known cure, but medicines may help control their symptoms. Disease Multiple sclerosis Cause The immune system attacks and damages the central nervous sys- tem so neurons cannot function nor- mally. Symptoms Muscle weakness, difficulty mov- ing, problems with coordination, difficulty keeping the body bal- anced Parkinsons disease Alzheimers disease [SEP] Headaches may be a symptom of serious diseases, but they are more commonly
As mentioned earlier, echinoderms show radial symmetry. Other key echinoderm features include an internal skeleton and spines, as well as a few organs and organ systems. Although echinoderms look like they have a hard exterior, they do not have an external skeleton. Instead, a thin outer skin covers an internal skeleton made of tiny plates and spines. This provides rigid support. Some groups of echinoderms, such as sea urchins ( Figure 1.2), have spines that protect the organism. Sea cucumbers use these spines to help them move. A starfish (left) and a keyhole sand dollar (right), showing the radial symmetry char- acteristic of the echinoderms. Starfish are also known as sea stars. Another echinoderm, a sea urchin (Echi- nus esculentus), showing its spines. Echinoderms have a unique water vascular system. This network of fluid-filled tubes helps them to breathe, eat, and move. Therefore, they can function without gill slits. Echinoderms also have a very simple digestive system, circulatory system, and nervous system. The digestive system often leads directly from the mouth to the anus. The echinoderms have an open circulatory system, meaning that fluid moves freely in the body cavity. But echinoderms have no heart. This may be due to their simple radial symmetry - a heart is not needed to pump the freely moving fluid. The echinoderm nervous system is a nerve net, or interconnected neurons with no central brain. Many echinoderms have amazing powers of regeneration. For example, some sea stars (starfish) are capable of regenerating lost arms. In some cases, lost arms have been observed to regenerate a second complete sea star! Sea cucumbers often release parts of their internal organs if they perceive danger. The released organs and tissues are then quickly regenerated. [SEP] their simple radial symmetry - a heart is not needed to pump the freely moving fluid
As mentioned earlier, echinoderms show radial symmetry. Other key echinoderm features include an internal skeleton and spines, as well as a few organs and organ systems. Although echinoderms look like they have a hard exterior, they do not have an external skeleton. Instead, a thin outer skin covers an internal skeleton made of tiny plates and spines. This provides rigid support. Some groups of echinoderms, such as sea urchins ( Figure 1.2), have spines that protect the organism. Sea cucumbers use these spines to help them move. A starfish (left) and a keyhole sand dollar (right), showing the radial symmetry char- acteristic of the echinoderms. Starfish are also known as sea stars. Another echinoderm, a sea urchin (Echi- nus esculentus), showing its spines. Echinoderms have a unique water vascular system. This network of fluid-filled tubes helps them to breathe, eat, and move. Therefore, they can function without gill slits. Echinoderms also have a very simple digestive system, circulatory system, and nervous system. The digestive system often leads directly from the mouth to the anus. The echinoderms have an open circulatory system, meaning that fluid moves freely in the body cavity. But echinoderms have no heart. This may be due to their simple radial symmetry - a heart is not needed to pump the freely moving fluid. The echinoderm nervous system is a nerve net, or interconnected neurons with no central brain. Many echinoderms have amazing powers of regeneration. For example, some sea stars (starfish) are capable of regenerating lost arms. In some cases, lost arms have been observed to regenerate a second complete sea star! Sea cucumbers often release parts of their internal organs if they perceive danger. The released organs and tissues are then quickly regenerated. [SEP] This may be
Unsafe water supplies have drastic effects on human health. Waterborne diseases are diseases due to microscopic pathogens in fresh water. These diseases can be caused by protozoa, viruses, bacteria, and intestinal parasites. In many parts of the world there are no water treatment plants. If sewage or animal manure gets into a river, then people downstream will get sick when they drink the water. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), diarrheal disease is responsible for the deaths of 1.8 million people every year. It was estimated that 88% of the cases of diarrheal disease are caused by unsafe water supplies. [SEP] microscopic pathogens in fresh water
Unsafe water supplies have drastic effects on human health. Waterborne diseases are diseases due to microscopic pathogens in fresh water. These diseases can be caused by protozoa, viruses, bacteria, and intestinal parasites. In many parts of the world there are no water treatment plants. If sewage or animal manure gets into a river, then people downstream will get sick when they drink the water. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), diarrheal disease is responsible for the deaths of 1.8 million people every year. It was estimated that 88% of the cases of diarrheal disease are caused by unsafe water supplies. [SEP] Waterborne diseases are diseases
A population is a group of organisms of the same species, all living in the same area and interacting with each other. Since they live together in one area, members of the same species reproduce together. Ecologists who study populations determine how healthy or stable the populations are. They also study how the individuals of a species interact with each other and how populations interact with the environment. If a group of similar organisms in the same area cannot reproduce with members of the other group, then they are members of two distinct species and form two populations. Ecologists look at many factors that help to describe a population. First, ecologists can measure the number of individuals that make up the population, known as population size. They can then determine the population density, which is the number of individuals of the same species in an area. Population density can be expressed as number per area, such as 20 mice/acre, or 50 rabbits/square mile. Ecologists also study how individuals in a population are spread across an environment. This spacing of individuals within a population is called dispersion. Some species may be clumped or clustered ( Figure 1.1) in an area. Others may be evenly spaced ( Figure 1.2). Still others may be spaced randomly within an area. The population density and dispersion have an effect on reproduction and population size. What do you think the relationship is between population density, dispersion and size? Clumped species are closer together. This may allow for easier reproduction. A population of cacti in the Sonoran Desert generally shows even dispersion due to competition for water. Ecologists also study the birth and death rates of the population. Together these give the growth rate (the birth rate minus the death rate), which tells how fast (or slow) the population size is changing. The birth rate is the number of births within a population during a specific time period. The death rate is the number of deaths within a population during a specific time period. Knowing the birth and death rates of populations gives you information about a populations health. For example, when a population is made up of mostly young organisms and the birth rate is high, the population is growing. A population with equal birth and death rates will remain the same size. Populations that are decreasing in size have a higher death rate than birth rate. [SEP] competition for water
A population is a group of organisms of the same species, all living in the same area and interacting with each other. Since they live together in one area, members of the same species reproduce together. Ecologists who study populations determine how healthy or stable the populations are. They also study how the individuals of a species interact with each other and how populations interact with the environment. If a group of similar organisms in the same area cannot reproduce with members of the other group, then they are members of two distinct species and form two populations. Ecologists look at many factors that help to describe a population. First, ecologists can measure the number of individuals that make up the population, known as population size. They can then determine the population density, which is the number of individuals of the same species in an area. Population density can be expressed as number per area, such as 20 mice/acre, or 50 rabbits/square mile. Ecologists also study how individuals in a population are spread across an environment. This spacing of individuals within a population is called dispersion. Some species may be clumped or clustered ( Figure 1.1) in an area. Others may be evenly spaced ( Figure 1.2). Still others may be spaced randomly within an area. The population density and dispersion have an effect on reproduction and population size. What do you think the relationship is between population density, dispersion and size? Clumped species are closer together. This may allow for easier reproduction. A population of cacti in the Sonoran Desert generally shows even dispersion due to competition for water. Ecologists also study the birth and death rates of the population. Together these give the growth rate (the birth rate minus the death rate), which tells how fast (or slow) the population size is changing. The birth rate is the number of births within a population during a specific time period. The death rate is the number of deaths within a population during a specific time period. Knowing the birth and death rates of populations gives you information about a populations health. For example, when a population is made up of mostly young organisms and the birth rate is high, the population is growing. A population with equal birth and death rates will remain the same size. Populations that are decreasing in size have a higher death rate than birth rate. [SEP] A population of cacti in the Sonoran Desert generally shows even dispersion
Many genetic disorders are caused by mutations in one or a few genes. Others are caused by chromosomal mutations. Some human genetic disorders are X-linked or Y-linked, which means the faulty gene is carried on these sex chromosomes. Other genetic disorders are carried on one of the other 22 pairs of chromosomes; these chromosomes are known as autosomes or autosomal (non-sex) chromosomes. Some genetic disorders are due to new mutations, others can be inherited from your parents. [SEP] new mutations, others can be inherited from your parents
Many genetic disorders are caused by mutations in one or a few genes. Others are caused by chromosomal mutations. Some human genetic disorders are X-linked or Y-linked, which means the faulty gene is carried on these sex chromosomes. Other genetic disorders are carried on one of the other 22 pairs of chromosomes; these chromosomes are known as autosomes or autosomal (non-sex) chromosomes. Some genetic disorders are due to new mutations, others can be inherited from your parents. [SEP] Some genetic disorders are
Recall that air pollution is due to chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions. When most people think of air pollution, they think of the pollution outdoors. But it is just as easy to have indoor air pollution. Your home or school classroom probably doesnt get much fresh air. Sealing up your home reduces heating and cooling costs. But this also causes air pollution to stay trapped indoors. And people today usually spend a majority of their time indoors. So exposure to indoor air pollution can become a significant health risk. Indoor air pollutants include both chemical and biological pollutants. Chemical pollutants include the following: Radon, a radioactive gas released from the Earth in certain locations. It can become trapped inside buildings and increase your risk of cancer. Formaldehyde, a toxic gas emitted from building materials, such as carpeting and plywood. Volatile organic compounds (VOCs), which are given off by paint and solvents as they dry. They can cause cause long-term health effects. Secondhand smoke, which comes from breathing the smoke release from tobacco products. Secondhand smoke is also the smoke exhaled by a cigarette smoker. This smoke is extremely dangerous to human health. Carbon monoxide (CO), a toxic gas released by burning fossil fuels. It is often released indoors by faulty chimneys, gas-powered generators, or burning charcoal; it can be extremely dangerous. Dry cleaning fluids, such as tetrachloroethylene, which can be released from clothing days after dry cleaning. The past use of asbestos in factories and in homes. Asbestos is a very dangerous material, and it was used in many buildings ( Figure 1.1). Asbestos can cause cancer and other lung diseases. The use of asbestos is not allowed today. The use of asbestos in industry and do- mestic environments in the past, as in the asbestos-covered pipes in the oil-refining plant pictured here, has left a potentially very dangerous material in many busi- nesses. Biological sources of air pollution are also found indoors. These are produced from: Pet dander. Dust from tiny skin flakes and decomposed hair. Dust mites. Mold from walls, ceilings, and other structures. Air conditioning systems that can incubate certain bacteria and mold. Pollen, dust, and mold from houseplants, soil, and surrounding gardens. [SEP] chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions
Recall that air pollution is due to chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions. When most people think of air pollution, they think of the pollution outdoors. But it is just as easy to have indoor air pollution. Your home or school classroom probably doesnt get much fresh air. Sealing up your home reduces heating and cooling costs. But this also causes air pollution to stay trapped indoors. And people today usually spend a majority of their time indoors. So exposure to indoor air pollution can become a significant health risk. Indoor air pollutants include both chemical and biological pollutants. Chemical pollutants include the following: Radon, a radioactive gas released from the Earth in certain locations. It can become trapped inside buildings and increase your risk of cancer. Formaldehyde, a toxic gas emitted from building materials, such as carpeting and plywood. Volatile organic compounds (VOCs), which are given off by paint and solvents as they dry. They can cause cause long-term health effects. Secondhand smoke, which comes from breathing the smoke release from tobacco products. Secondhand smoke is also the smoke exhaled by a cigarette smoker. This smoke is extremely dangerous to human health. Carbon monoxide (CO), a toxic gas released by burning fossil fuels. It is often released indoors by faulty chimneys, gas-powered generators, or burning charcoal; it can be extremely dangerous. Dry cleaning fluids, such as tetrachloroethylene, which can be released from clothing days after dry cleaning. The past use of asbestos in factories and in homes. Asbestos is a very dangerous material, and it was used in many buildings ( Figure 1.1). Asbestos can cause cancer and other lung diseases. The use of asbestos is not allowed today. The use of asbestos in industry and do- mestic environments in the past, as in the asbestos-covered pipes in the oil-refining plant pictured here, has left a potentially very dangerous material in many busi- nesses. Biological sources of air pollution are also found indoors. These are produced from: Pet dander. Dust from tiny skin flakes and decomposed hair. Dust mites. Mold from walls, ceilings, and other structures. Air conditioning systems that can incubate certain bacteria and mold. Pollen, dust, and mold from houseplants, soil, and surrounding gardens. [SEP] Recall that air pollution is
Injuries to the central nervous system may damage tissues of the brain or spinal cord. If an injury is mild, a person may have a full recovery. If an injury is severe, it may cause permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur because of car crashes or sports accidents. The best way to deal with such injuries is to try to prevent them. [SEP] car crashes or sports accidents
Injuries to the central nervous system may damage tissues of the brain or spinal cord. If an injury is mild, a person may have a full recovery. If an injury is severe, it may cause permanent disability or even death. Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur because of car crashes or sports accidents. The best way to deal with such injuries is to try to prevent them. [SEP] Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur
Osteoarthritis occurs when the cartilage at the ends of the bones breaks down. The break down of the cartilage leads to pain and stiffness in the joint. Decreased movement of the joint because of the pain may lead to weakening of the muscles that normally move the joint, and the ligaments surrounding the joint may become loose. Osteoarthritis is the most common form of arthritis. It has many contributing factors, including aging, sport injuries, fractures, and obesity. [SEP] the pain may lead to weakening of the muscles that normally move the joint, and the ligaments surrounding the joint may become loose
Osteoarthritis occurs when the cartilage at the ends of the bones breaks down. The break down of the cartilage leads to pain and stiffness in the joint. Decreased movement of the joint because of the pain may lead to weakening of the muscles that normally move the joint, and the ligaments surrounding the joint may become loose. Osteoarthritis is the most common form of arthritis. It has many contributing factors, including aging, sport injuries, fractures, and obesity. [SEP] Decreased movement of the joint
When skeletal muscles contract, bones move. But how do muscles make your bones move? A voluntary muscles usually works across a joint. It is attached to both the bones on either side of the joint by strong cords called tendons. A tendon is a tough band of connective tissue that connects a muscle to a bone. Tendons are similar to ligaments, except that ligaments join bones to each other. Muscles move the body by contracting against the skeleton. When muscles contract, they get shorter. By contracting, muscles pull on bones and allow the body to move. Muscles can only contract. They cannot actively extend, though they can move or relax back into the non-contracted neutral position. Therefore, to move bones in opposite directions, pairs of muscles must work in opposition. Each muscle in the pair works against the other to move bones at the joints of the body. The muscle that contracts to cause a joint to bend is called the flexor. The muscle that contracts to cause the joint to straighten is called the extensor. When one muscle is contracted, the other muscle from the pair is always elongated. For example, the biceps and triceps muscles work together to allow you to bend and straighten your elbow. When you want to bend your elbow, your biceps muscle contracts (Figure 1.1), and, at the same time, the triceps muscle relaxes. The biceps is the flexor, and the triceps is the extensor of your elbow joint. Other muscles that work together are the quadriceps and hamstrings used to bend and straighten the knee, and the pectorals and trapezius used to move the arms and shoulders forward and backward. During daily routines we do not use muscles equally. For example, we use our biceps more than our triceps due to lifting against gravity. [SEP] lifting against gravity
When skeletal muscles contract, bones move. But how do muscles make your bones move? A voluntary muscles usually works across a joint. It is attached to both the bones on either side of the joint by strong cords called tendons. A tendon is a tough band of connective tissue that connects a muscle to a bone. Tendons are similar to ligaments, except that ligaments join bones to each other. Muscles move the body by contracting against the skeleton. When muscles contract, they get shorter. By contracting, muscles pull on bones and allow the body to move. Muscles can only contract. They cannot actively extend, though they can move or relax back into the non-contracted neutral position. Therefore, to move bones in opposite directions, pairs of muscles must work in opposition. Each muscle in the pair works against the other to move bones at the joints of the body. The muscle that contracts to cause a joint to bend is called the flexor. The muscle that contracts to cause the joint to straighten is called the extensor. When one muscle is contracted, the other muscle from the pair is always elongated. For example, the biceps and triceps muscles work together to allow you to bend and straighten your elbow. When you want to bend your elbow, your biceps muscle contracts (Figure 1.1), and, at the same time, the triceps muscle relaxes. The biceps is the flexor, and the triceps is the extensor of your elbow joint. Other muscles that work together are the quadriceps and hamstrings used to bend and straighten the knee, and the pectorals and trapezius used to move the arms and shoulders forward and backward. During daily routines we do not use muscles equally. For example, we use our biceps more than our triceps due to lifting against gravity. [SEP] For example, we use our biceps more than our triceps
Disorders of the female reproductive system may affect the vagina, uterus, or ovaries. They may also affect the breasts. One of the most common disorders is vaginitis. This is redness and itching of the vagina. It may be due to irritation by soap or bubble bath. Another possible cause of vaginitis is a yeast infection. Yeast normally grow in the vagina. A yeast infection happens when the yeast multiply too fast and cause symptoms. A yeast infection can be treated with medication. Bubble baths may be fun, but for women and girls they can cause irritation to the vagina. A common disorder of the ovaries is an ovarian cyst. A cyst is a sac filled with fluid or other material. An ovarian cyst is usually harmless, but it may cause pain. Most cysts slowly disappear and do not need treatment. Very large or painful cysts can be removed with surgery. Many teen girls have painful menstrual periods. They typically have cramping in the lower abdomen. Generally, this is nothing to worry about. Taking a warm bath or using a heating pad often helps. Exercise can help as well. A pain reliever like ibuprofen may also work. If the pain is severe, a doctor can prescribe stronger medicine to relieve the pain. The most common type of cancer in females is breast cancer. The cancer causes the cells of the breast to grow out of control and form a tumor. Breast cancer is rare in teens. It becomes more common as women get older. If breast cancer is found early, it usually can be cured with surgery. [SEP] irritation by soap or bubble bath
Disorders of the female reproductive system may affect the vagina, uterus, or ovaries. They may also affect the breasts. One of the most common disorders is vaginitis. This is redness and itching of the vagina. It may be due to irritation by soap or bubble bath. Another possible cause of vaginitis is a yeast infection. Yeast normally grow in the vagina. A yeast infection happens when the yeast multiply too fast and cause symptoms. A yeast infection can be treated with medication. Bubble baths may be fun, but for women and girls they can cause irritation to the vagina. A common disorder of the ovaries is an ovarian cyst. A cyst is a sac filled with fluid or other material. An ovarian cyst is usually harmless, but it may cause pain. Most cysts slowly disappear and do not need treatment. Very large or painful cysts can be removed with surgery. Many teen girls have painful menstrual periods. They typically have cramping in the lower abdomen. Generally, this is nothing to worry about. Taking a warm bath or using a heating pad often helps. Exercise can help as well. A pain reliever like ibuprofen may also work. If the pain is severe, a doctor can prescribe stronger medicine to relieve the pain. The most common type of cancer in females is breast cancer. The cancer causes the cells of the breast to grow out of control and form a tumor. Breast cancer is rare in teens. It becomes more common as women get older. If breast cancer is found early, it usually can be cured with surgery. [SEP] It may be
Air is all around us. Air is essential for life. Sometimes, humans can pollute the air. For example, releasing smoke and dust from factories and cars can cause air pollution. Air pollution is due to chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions. This pollution affects entire ecosystems around the world. Pollution can also cause many human health problems, and it can also cause death. Air pollution can be found both outdoors and indoors. Outdoor air pollution is made of chemical particles. When smoke or other pollutants enter the air, the particles found in the pollution mix with the air. Air is polluted when it contains many large toxic particles. Outdoor air pollution changes the natural characteristics of the atmosphere. Primary pollutants are added directly to the atmosphere. Fires add primary pollutants to the air. Particles released from the fire directly enter the air and cause pollution ( Figure 1.1). Burning of fossil fuels such as oil and coal is a major source of primary pollutants ( Figure Secondary pollutants are formed when primary pollutants interact with sunlight, air, or each other. They do not directly cause pollution. However, when they interact with other parts of the air, they do cause pollution. For example, ozone is created when some pollutants interact with sunlight. High levels of ozone in the atmosphere can cause problems for humans. Wildfires, either natural or human-caused, release particles into the air, one of the many causes of air pollution. A major source of air pollution is the burn- ing of fossil fuels from factories, power plants, and motor vehicles. [SEP] chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions
Air is all around us. Air is essential for life. Sometimes, humans can pollute the air. For example, releasing smoke and dust from factories and cars can cause air pollution. Air pollution is due to chemical substances and particles released into the air mainly by human actions. This pollution affects entire ecosystems around the world. Pollution can also cause many human health problems, and it can also cause death. Air pollution can be found both outdoors and indoors. Outdoor air pollution is made of chemical particles. When smoke or other pollutants enter the air, the particles found in the pollution mix with the air. Air is polluted when it contains many large toxic particles. Outdoor air pollution changes the natural characteristics of the atmosphere. Primary pollutants are added directly to the atmosphere. Fires add primary pollutants to the air. Particles released from the fire directly enter the air and cause pollution ( Figure 1.1). Burning of fossil fuels such as oil and coal is a major source of primary pollutants ( Figure Secondary pollutants are formed when primary pollutants interact with sunlight, air, or each other. They do not directly cause pollution. However, when they interact with other parts of the air, they do cause pollution. For example, ozone is created when some pollutants interact with sunlight. High levels of ozone in the atmosphere can cause problems for humans. Wildfires, either natural or human-caused, release particles into the air, one of the many causes of air pollution. A major source of air pollution is the burn- ing of fossil fuels from factories, power plants, and motor vehicles. [SEP] Air pollution is
One result of air pollution is acid rain. Acid rain is precipitation with a low (acidic) pH. This rain can be very destructive to wildlife. When acid rain falls in forests, freshwater habitats, or soils, it can kill insects and aquatic life. It causes this damage because of its very low pH. Sulfur oxides and nitrogen oxides in the air both cause acid rain to form ( Figure 1.3). Sulfur oxides are chemicals that are released from coal-fired power plants. Nitrogen oxides are released from motor vehicle exhaust. A forest in the Jizera Mountains of the Czech Republic shows effects caused by acid rain. What do you observe? [SEP] its very low pH
One result of air pollution is acid rain. Acid rain is precipitation with a low (acidic) pH. This rain can be very destructive to wildlife. When acid rain falls in forests, freshwater habitats, or soils, it can kill insects and aquatic life. It causes this damage because of its very low pH. Sulfur oxides and nitrogen oxides in the air both cause acid rain to form ( Figure 1.3). Sulfur oxides are chemicals that are released from coal-fired power plants. Nitrogen oxides are released from motor vehicle exhaust. A forest in the Jizera Mountains of the Czech Republic shows effects caused by acid rain. What do you observe? [SEP] It causes this damage
You can also take steps to avoid pathogens in the first place. The best way to avoid pathogens is to wash your hands often. You should wash your hands after using the bathroom or handling raw meat or fish. You should also wash your hands before eating or preparing food. In addition, you should also wash the food that your eat, and the utensils and countertop where food is prepared. In addition, you should wash your hands after being around sick people. The correct way to wash your hands is demonstrated below ( Figure 1.1). If soap and water arent available, use some hand sanitizer. The best way to prevent diseases spread by vectors is to avoid contact with the vectors. Recall that a vector is an organism that carries pathogens from one person or animal to another. For example, ticks and mosquitoes are vectors, so you should wear long sleeves and long pants when appropriate to avoid tick and mosquito bites. Using insect repellent can also reduce your risk of insect bites. Many infectious diseases can be prevented with vaccinations. Immunization can drastically reduce your chances of contracting many diseases. You will read more about vaccinations in another concept. Vaccinations can help prevent measles, mumps, chicken pox, and several other diseases. If you do develop an infectious disease, try to avoid infecting others. Stay home from school until you are well. Also, take steps to keep your germs to yourself. Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you sneeze or cough, Watching the news will allow you to make informed decisions. If an outbreak of bad beef due to a bacterial infection is in the news, dont buy beef for a while. If tomatoes are making people sick, dont eat tomatoes until the outbreak is over. If a place has an unhealthy water supply, boil the water or drink bottled water. Local news can tell you of restaurants to avoid due to unhealthy conditions. And so on. [SEP] a bacterial infection is in the news, dont buy beef for a while
You can also take steps to avoid pathogens in the first place. The best way to avoid pathogens is to wash your hands often. You should wash your hands after using the bathroom or handling raw meat or fish. You should also wash your hands before eating or preparing food. In addition, you should also wash the food that your eat, and the utensils and countertop where food is prepared. In addition, you should wash your hands after being around sick people. The correct way to wash your hands is demonstrated below ( Figure 1.1). If soap and water arent available, use some hand sanitizer. The best way to prevent diseases spread by vectors is to avoid contact with the vectors. Recall that a vector is an organism that carries pathogens from one person or animal to another. For example, ticks and mosquitoes are vectors, so you should wear long sleeves and long pants when appropriate to avoid tick and mosquito bites. Using insect repellent can also reduce your risk of insect bites. Many infectious diseases can be prevented with vaccinations. Immunization can drastically reduce your chances of contracting many diseases. You will read more about vaccinations in another concept. Vaccinations can help prevent measles, mumps, chicken pox, and several other diseases. If you do develop an infectious disease, try to avoid infecting others. Stay home from school until you are well. Also, take steps to keep your germs to yourself. Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you sneeze or cough, Watching the news will allow you to make informed decisions. If an outbreak of bad beef due to a bacterial infection is in the news, dont buy beef for a while. If tomatoes are making people sick, dont eat tomatoes until the outbreak is over. If a place has an unhealthy water supply, boil the water or drink bottled water. Local news can tell you of restaurants to avoid due to unhealthy conditions. And so on. [SEP] If an outbreak of bad beef
Adolescence is the period of life between the start of puberty and the beginning of adulthood. Adolescence includes the physical changes of puberty. It also includes many other changes, including significant mental, emotional, and social changes. During adolescence: Teenagers develop new thinking abilities. For example, they can think about abstract ideas, such as freedom. They are also better at thinking logically. They are usually better at solving problems as well. Teenagers try to establish a sense of who they are as individuals. They may try to become more independent from their parents. Most teens also have emotional ups and downs. This is partly due to changing hormone levels. Teenagers usually spend much more time with peers than with family members. [SEP] changing hormone levels
Adolescence is the period of life between the start of puberty and the beginning of adulthood. Adolescence includes the physical changes of puberty. It also includes many other changes, including significant mental, emotional, and social changes. During adolescence: Teenagers develop new thinking abilities. For example, they can think about abstract ideas, such as freedom. They are also better at thinking logically. They are usually better at solving problems as well. Teenagers try to establish a sense of who they are as individuals. They may try to become more independent from their parents. Most teens also have emotional ups and downs. This is partly due to changing hormone levels. Teenagers usually spend much more time with peers than with family members. [SEP] This is partly
Emphysema is a chronic lung disease caused by the breakdown of the lung tissue. Symptoms of emphysema include shortness of breath, especially during exercise, and chronic cough, usually due to cigarette smoking, and wheezing, especially during expiration. Damage to the alveoli ( Figure 1.5), is not curable. Smoking is the leading cause of emphysema. [SEP] cigarette smoking, and wheezing, especially during expiration
Emphysema is a chronic lung disease caused by the breakdown of the lung tissue. Symptoms of emphysema include shortness of breath, especially during exercise, and chronic cough, usually due to cigarette smoking, and wheezing, especially during expiration. Damage to the alveoli ( Figure 1.5), is not curable. Smoking is the leading cause of emphysema. [SEP] Symptoms of emphysema include shortness of breath, especially during exercise, and chronic cough, usually
What determines if a baby is a male or female? Recall that you have 23 pairs of chromosomesand one of those pairs is the sex chromosomes. Everyone has two sex chromosomes. Your sex chromosomes can be X or Y. Females have two X chromosomes (XX), while males have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome (XY). If a baby inherits an X chromosome from the father and an X chromosome from the mother, what will be the childs sex? The baby will have two X chromosomes, so it will be female. If the fathers sperm carries the Y chromosome, the child will be male. Notice that a mother can only pass on an X chromosome, so the sex of the baby is determined by the father. The father has a 50 percent chance of passing on the Y or X chromosome, so there is a 50 percent chance that a child will be male, and there is a 50 percent chance a child will be female. This 50:50 chance occurs for each baby. A couples first five children could all be boys. The sixth child still has a 50:50 chance of being a girl. One special pattern of inheritance that doesnt fit Mendels rules is sex-linked inheritance, referring to the inher- itance of traits that are located on genes on the sex chromosomes. Since males and females do not have the same sex chromosomes, there will be differences between the sexes in how these sex-linked traitstraits linked to genes located on the sex chromosomesare expressed. Sex-linked traits usually refer to traits due to genes on the X chromosome. One example of a sex-linked trait is red-green colorblindness. People with this type of colorblindness cannot tell the difference between red and green. They often see these colors as shades of brown ( Figure 1.1). Boys are much more likely to be colorblind than girls ( Table 1.1). This is because colorblindness is a sex-linked, recessive trait. Boys only have one X chromosome, so if that chromosome carries the gene for colorblindness, they will be colorblind. As girls have two X chromosomes, a girl can have one X chromosome with the colorblind gene and one X chromosome with a normal gene for color vision. Since colorblindness is recessive, the dominant normal gene will mask the recessive colorblind gene. Females with one colorblindness allele and one normal allele are referred to as carriers. They carry the allele but do not express it. How would a female become colorblind? She would have to inherit two genes for colorblindness, which is very unlikely. Many sex-linked traits are inherited in a recessive manner. Xc Xc X (carrier female) Xc Y (colorblind male) X Y X XX (normal female) XY (normal male) According to this Punnett square ( Table 1.1), the son of a woman who carries the colorblindness trait and a male with normal vision has a 50% chance of being colorblind. [SEP] genes on the X chromosome
What determines if a baby is a male or female? Recall that you have 23 pairs of chromosomesand one of those pairs is the sex chromosomes. Everyone has two sex chromosomes. Your sex chromosomes can be X or Y. Females have two X chromosomes (XX), while males have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome (XY). If a baby inherits an X chromosome from the father and an X chromosome from the mother, what will be the childs sex? The baby will have two X chromosomes, so it will be female. If the fathers sperm carries the Y chromosome, the child will be male. Notice that a mother can only pass on an X chromosome, so the sex of the baby is determined by the father. The father has a 50 percent chance of passing on the Y or X chromosome, so there is a 50 percent chance that a child will be male, and there is a 50 percent chance a child will be female. This 50:50 chance occurs for each baby. A couples first five children could all be boys. The sixth child still has a 50:50 chance of being a girl. One special pattern of inheritance that doesnt fit Mendels rules is sex-linked inheritance, referring to the inher- itance of traits that are located on genes on the sex chromosomes. Since males and females do not have the same sex chromosomes, there will be differences between the sexes in how these sex-linked traitstraits linked to genes located on the sex chromosomesare expressed. Sex-linked traits usually refer to traits due to genes on the X chromosome. One example of a sex-linked trait is red-green colorblindness. People with this type of colorblindness cannot tell the difference between red and green. They often see these colors as shades of brown ( Figure 1.1). Boys are much more likely to be colorblind than girls ( Table 1.1). This is because colorblindness is a sex-linked, recessive trait. Boys only have one X chromosome, so if that chromosome carries the gene for colorblindness, they will be colorblind. As girls have two X chromosomes, a girl can have one X chromosome with the colorblind gene and one X chromosome with a normal gene for color vision. Since colorblindness is recessive, the dominant normal gene will mask the recessive colorblind gene. Females with one colorblindness allele and one normal allele are referred to as carriers. They carry the allele but do not express it. How would a female become colorblind? She would have to inherit two genes for colorblindness, which is very unlikely. Many sex-linked traits are inherited in a recessive manner. Xc Xc X (carrier female) Xc Y (colorblind male) X Y X XX (normal female) XY (normal male) According to this Punnett square ( Table 1.1), the son of a woman who carries the colorblindness trait and a male with normal vision has a 50% chance of being colorblind. [SEP] Sex-linked traits usually refer to traits
While to many people clean water may seem limitless and everywhere, to many others this is not so. Water pollution is a serious issue facing hundreds of millions of people world-wide, having harmful effects on the lives of those people. Water is not in unlimited supply and cannot just be made fresh when it is wanted. Water is actually a limited resource, and for many people, fresh, unpolluted water is hard to find. A limited resource is one that we use faster than we can remake it. It is a resource that can be used up. Water pollution happens when contaminants enter water bodies. Contaminants are any substances that harm the health of the environment or humans. Most contaminants enter the water because of humans. Surface water (river or lake) can be exposed to and contaminated by acid rain, storm water runoff, pesticide runoff, and industrial waste. This water is cleaned somewhat by exposure to sunlight, aeration, and microorganisms in the water. Groundwater (private wells and some public water supplies) generally takes longer to become contaminated, but the natural clean- ing process also may take much longer. Groundwater can be contaminated by disease-producing pathogens, careless disposal of hazardous household chemical-containing products, agricultural chemicals, and leaking underground storage tanks. Water pollution can cause harmful effects to ecology and human health. Shown is the pollution in Jakarta, Indonesia. Natural events, like storms, volcanic eruptions and earthquakes can cause major changes in water quality. But human-caused contaminants have a much greater impact on the quality of the water supply. Water is considered polluted either when it does not support a human use, like clean drinking water, or a use for other animals and plants. The overgrowth of algae, known as an algal bloom, can result from the runoff of fertilizer into bodies of water. This excess of nutrients allows the algae to grow beyond control, bring harm to the rest of the ecosystem. The main sources of water pollution can be grouped into two categories: Point source pollution results from the contaminants that enter a waterway or water body through a single site. Examples of this include untreated sewage, wastewater from a sewage treatment plant, and leaking underground tanks. Nonpoint source pollution is contamination that does not come from a single point source. Instead, it happens when there is a buildup of small amounts of contaminants that collect from a large area. Examples of this include fertilizer runoff from many farms flowing into groundwater or streams. [SEP] humans
While to many people clean water may seem limitless and everywhere, to many others this is not so. Water pollution is a serious issue facing hundreds of millions of people world-wide, having harmful effects on the lives of those people. Water is not in unlimited supply and cannot just be made fresh when it is wanted. Water is actually a limited resource, and for many people, fresh, unpolluted water is hard to find. A limited resource is one that we use faster than we can remake it. It is a resource that can be used up. Water pollution happens when contaminants enter water bodies. Contaminants are any substances that harm the health of the environment or humans. Most contaminants enter the water because of humans. Surface water (river or lake) can be exposed to and contaminated by acid rain, storm water runoff, pesticide runoff, and industrial waste. This water is cleaned somewhat by exposure to sunlight, aeration, and microorganisms in the water. Groundwater (private wells and some public water supplies) generally takes longer to become contaminated, but the natural clean- ing process also may take much longer. Groundwater can be contaminated by disease-producing pathogens, careless disposal of hazardous household chemical-containing products, agricultural chemicals, and leaking underground storage tanks. Water pollution can cause harmful effects to ecology and human health. Shown is the pollution in Jakarta, Indonesia. Natural events, like storms, volcanic eruptions and earthquakes can cause major changes in water quality. But human-caused contaminants have a much greater impact on the quality of the water supply. Water is considered polluted either when it does not support a human use, like clean drinking water, or a use for other animals and plants. The overgrowth of algae, known as an algal bloom, can result from the runoff of fertilizer into bodies of water. This excess of nutrients allows the algae to grow beyond control, bring harm to the rest of the ecosystem. The main sources of water pollution can be grouped into two categories: Point source pollution results from the contaminants that enter a waterway or water body through a single site. Examples of this include untreated sewage, wastewater from a sewage treatment plant, and leaking underground tanks. Nonpoint source pollution is contamination that does not come from a single point source. Instead, it happens when there is a buildup of small amounts of contaminants that collect from a large area. Examples of this include fertilizer runoff from many farms flowing into groundwater or streams. [SEP] Most contaminants enter the water
Your sense of taste is controlled by sensory neurons, or nerve cells, on your tongue that sense the chemicals in food. The neurons are grouped in bundles within taste buds. Each taste bud actually has a pore that opens out to the surface of the tongue enabling molecules and ions taken into the mouth to reach the receptor cells inside. There are five different types of taste neurons on the tongue. Each type detects a different taste. The tastes are: 1. Sweet, which is produced by the presence of sugars, such as the common table sugar sucrose, and a few other substances. 2. Salty, which is produced primarily by the presence of sodium ions. Common salt is sodium chloride, NaCl. The use of salt can donate the sodium ion producing this taste. 3. Sour, which is the taste that detects acidity. The most common food group that contains naturally sour foods is fruit, such as lemon, grape, orange, and sometimes melon. Children show a greater enjoyment of sour flavors than adults, and sour candy such as Lemon Drops, Shock Tarts and sour versions of Skittles and Starburst, is popular. Many of these candies contain citric acid. 4. Bitter is an unpleasant, sharp, or disagreeable taste. Common bitter foods and beverages include coffee, unsweetened cocoa, beer (due to hops), olives, and citrus peel. 5. Umami, which is a meaty or savory taste. This taste can be found in fish, shellfish, cured meats, mushrooms, cheese, tomatoes, grains, and beans. A single taste bud contains 50100 taste cells representing all 5 taste sensations. A stimulated taste receptor cell triggers action potentials in a nearby sensory neuron, which send messages to the brain about the taste. The brain then decides what tastes you are sensing. [SEP] hops), olives, and citrus peel
Your sense of taste is controlled by sensory neurons, or nerve cells, on your tongue that sense the chemicals in food. The neurons are grouped in bundles within taste buds. Each taste bud actually has a pore that opens out to the surface of the tongue enabling molecules and ions taken into the mouth to reach the receptor cells inside. There are five different types of taste neurons on the tongue. Each type detects a different taste. The tastes are: 1. Sweet, which is produced by the presence of sugars, such as the common table sugar sucrose, and a few other substances. 2. Salty, which is produced primarily by the presence of sodium ions. Common salt is sodium chloride, NaCl. The use of salt can donate the sodium ion producing this taste. 3. Sour, which is the taste that detects acidity. The most common food group that contains naturally sour foods is fruit, such as lemon, grape, orange, and sometimes melon. Children show a greater enjoyment of sour flavors than adults, and sour candy such as Lemon Drops, Shock Tarts and sour versions of Skittles and Starburst, is popular. Many of these candies contain citric acid. 4. Bitter is an unpleasant, sharp, or disagreeable taste. Common bitter foods and beverages include coffee, unsweetened cocoa, beer (due to hops), olives, and citrus peel. 5. Umami, which is a meaty or savory taste. This taste can be found in fish, shellfish, cured meats, mushrooms, cheese, tomatoes, grains, and beans. A single taste bud contains 50100 taste cells representing all 5 taste sensations. A stimulated taste receptor cell triggers action potentials in a nearby sensory neuron, which send messages to the brain about the taste. The brain then decides what tastes you are sensing. [SEP] Common bitter foods and beverages include coffee, unsweetened cocoa, beer 
When you look at the prickly cactus pictured below ( Figure 1.1), does the word "ouch" come to mind? Touching the cactus would be painful. Touch is the sense of pain, pressure, or temperature. Touch depends on sensory neurons, or nerve cells, in the skin. The skin on the palms of the hands, soles of the feet, and face has the most sensory neurons and is especially sensitive to touch. The tongue and lips are very sensitive to touch as well. Neurons that sense pain are also found inside the body in muscles, joints, and organs. If you have a stomach ache or pain from a sprained ankle, its because of these sensory neurons found inside of your body. The following example shows how messages about touch travel from sensory neurons to the brain, as well as how the brain responds to the messages. Suppose you wanted to test the temperature of the water in a lake before jumping in. You might stick one bare foot in the water. Neurons in the skin on your foot would sense the temperature of the water and send a message about it to your central nervous system. The frontal lobe of the cerebrum would process the information. It might decide that the water is really cold and send a message to your muscles to pull your foot out of the water. In some cases, messages about pain or temperature dont travel all the way to and from the brain. Instead, they travel only as far as the spinal cord, and the spinal cord responds to the messages by giving orders to the muscles. This allows you to respond to pain more quickly. When messages avoid the brain in this way, it forms a reflex arc, like the one shown below ( Figure 1.2). [SEP] these sensory neurons found inside of your body
When you look at the prickly cactus pictured below ( Figure 1.1), does the word "ouch" come to mind? Touching the cactus would be painful. Touch is the sense of pain, pressure, or temperature. Touch depends on sensory neurons, or nerve cells, in the skin. The skin on the palms of the hands, soles of the feet, and face has the most sensory neurons and is especially sensitive to touch. The tongue and lips are very sensitive to touch as well. Neurons that sense pain are also found inside the body in muscles, joints, and organs. If you have a stomach ache or pain from a sprained ankle, its because of these sensory neurons found inside of your body. The following example shows how messages about touch travel from sensory neurons to the brain, as well as how the brain responds to the messages. Suppose you wanted to test the temperature of the water in a lake before jumping in. You might stick one bare foot in the water. Neurons in the skin on your foot would sense the temperature of the water and send a message about it to your central nervous system. The frontal lobe of the cerebrum would process the information. It might decide that the water is really cold and send a message to your muscles to pull your foot out of the water. In some cases, messages about pain or temperature dont travel all the way to and from the brain. Instead, they travel only as far as the spinal cord, and the spinal cord responds to the messages by giving orders to the muscles. This allows you to respond to pain more quickly. When messages avoid the brain in this way, it forms a reflex arc, like the one shown below ( Figure 1.2). [SEP] If you have a stomach ache or pain from a sprained ankle, its
Myopia is also called nearsightedness. It affects about one third of people. People with myopia can see nearby objects clearly, but distant objects appear blurry. The picture below shows how a person with myopia might see two boys that are a few meters away ( Figure 1.1). In myopia, the eye is too long. Below, you can see how images are focused on the retina of someone with myopia ( Figure 1.2). Myopia is corrected with a concave lens, which curves inward like the inside of a bowl. The lens changes the focus, so images fall on the retina as they should. Generally, nearsightedness first occurs in school-age children. There is some evidence that myopia is inherited. If one or both of your parents need glasses, there is an increased chance that you will too. Individuals who spend a lot of time reading, working or playing at a computer, or doing other close visual work may also be more likely to develop nearsightedness. Because the eye continues to grow during childhood, myopia typically progresses until On the left, you can see how a person with normal vision sees two boys. The right image shows how a person with myopia sees the boys. The eye of a person with myopia is longer than normal. As a result, images are focused in front of the retina (top left). A concave lens is used to correct myopia to help focus images on the retina (top right). Farsightedness, or hyperopia, oc- curs when objects are focused in back of the retina (bottom left). It is corrected with a convex lens (bottom right). about age 20. However, nearsightedness may also develop in adults due to visual stress or health conditions such as diabetes. A common sign of nearsightedness is difficulty seeing distant objects like a movie screen or the TV, or the whiteboard or chalkboard in school. Eyeglasses or contact lenses can easily help with myopia. Depending on the amount of myopia, you may only need to wear glasses or contact lenses for certain activities, like watching a movie or driving a car. Or, if you are very nearsighted, they may need to be worn all the time. [SEP] visual stress or health conditions such as diabetes
Myopia is also called nearsightedness. It affects about one third of people. People with myopia can see nearby objects clearly, but distant objects appear blurry. The picture below shows how a person with myopia might see two boys that are a few meters away ( Figure 1.1). In myopia, the eye is too long. Below, you can see how images are focused on the retina of someone with myopia ( Figure 1.2). Myopia is corrected with a concave lens, which curves inward like the inside of a bowl. The lens changes the focus, so images fall on the retina as they should. Generally, nearsightedness first occurs in school-age children. There is some evidence that myopia is inherited. If one or both of your parents need glasses, there is an increased chance that you will too. Individuals who spend a lot of time reading, working or playing at a computer, or doing other close visual work may also be more likely to develop nearsightedness. Because the eye continues to grow during childhood, myopia typically progresses until On the left, you can see how a person with normal vision sees two boys. The right image shows how a person with myopia sees the boys. The eye of a person with myopia is longer than normal. As a result, images are focused in front of the retina (top left). A concave lens is used to correct myopia to help focus images on the retina (top right). Farsightedness, or hyperopia, oc- curs when objects are focused in back of the retina (bottom left). It is corrected with a convex lens (bottom right). about age 20. However, nearsightedness may also develop in adults due to visual stress or health conditions such as diabetes. A common sign of nearsightedness is difficulty seeing distant objects like a movie screen or the TV, or the whiteboard or chalkboard in school. Eyeglasses or contact lenses can easily help with myopia. Depending on the amount of myopia, you may only need to wear glasses or contact lenses for certain activities, like watching a movie or driving a car. Or, if you are very nearsighted, they may need to be worn all the time. [SEP] However, nearsightedness may also develop in adults
You may have seen a sign like the one in Figure 11.3. It warns people that there is radiation in the area. Exposure to radiation can be very dangerous. Radiation damages living things by knocking electrons out of atoms and changing them to ions. Radiation also breaks bonds in DNA and other biochemical compounds. A single large exposure to radiation can burn the skin and cause radiation sickness. Symptoms of this illness include extreme fatigue, destruction of blood cells, and loss of hair. Long-term exposure to lower levels of radiation can cause cancer. For example, radon in buildings can cause lung cancer. Marie Curie died of cancer, most likely because of exposure to radiation in her research. To learn more about the harmful health effects of radiation, go to this URL:  . Nonliving things can also be damaged by radiation. For example, high levels of radiation can remove electrons from metals. This may weaken metals in nuclear power plants and space vehicles, both of which are exposed to very high levels of radiation. [SEP] exposure to radiation in her research
You may have seen a sign like the one in Figure 11.3. It warns people that there is radiation in the area. Exposure to radiation can be very dangerous. Radiation damages living things by knocking electrons out of atoms and changing them to ions. Radiation also breaks bonds in DNA and other biochemical compounds. A single large exposure to radiation can burn the skin and cause radiation sickness. Symptoms of this illness include extreme fatigue, destruction of blood cells, and loss of hair. Long-term exposure to lower levels of radiation can cause cancer. For example, radon in buildings can cause lung cancer. Marie Curie died of cancer, most likely because of exposure to radiation in her research. To learn more about the harmful health effects of radiation, go to this URL:  . Nonliving things can also be damaged by radiation. For example, high levels of radiation can remove electrons from metals. This may weaken metals in nuclear power plants and space vehicles, both of which are exposed to very high levels of radiation. [SEP] Marie Curie died of cancer, most likely
Weight measures the force of gravity pulling on an object. Because weight measures force, the SI unit for weight is the newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 newtons because of the pull of Earths gravity On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. Weight is measured with a scale, like the spring scale in Figure 13.16. The scale measures the force with which gravity pulls an object downward. [SEP] the pull of Earths gravity On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less
Weight measures the force of gravity pulling on an object. Because weight measures force, the SI unit for weight is the newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 newtons because of the pull of Earths gravity On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. Weight is measured with a scale, like the spring scale in Figure 13.16. The scale measures the force with which gravity pulls an object downward. [SEP] On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 newtons
Newtons idea of gravity can predict the motion of most but not all objects. In the early 1900s, Albert Einstein came up with a theory of gravity that is better at predicting how all objects move. Einstein showed mathematically that gravity is not really a force in the sense that Newton thought. Instead, gravity is a result of the warping, or curving, of space and time. Imagine a bowling ball pressing down on a trampoline. The surface of the trampoline would curve downward instead of being flat. Einstein theorized that Earth and other very massive bodies affect space and time around them in a similar way. This idea is represented in Figure 13.19. According to Einstein, objects curve toward one another because of the curves in space and time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction as Newton thought. You can see an animation of Einsteins theory of gravity at this URL: http://einstein. theory of gravity, go to this URL: [SEP] the curves in space and time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction as Newton thought
Newtons idea of gravity can predict the motion of most but not all objects. In the early 1900s, Albert Einstein came up with a theory of gravity that is better at predicting how all objects move. Einstein showed mathematically that gravity is not really a force in the sense that Newton thought. Instead, gravity is a result of the warping, or curving, of space and time. Imagine a bowling ball pressing down on a trampoline. The surface of the trampoline would curve downward instead of being flat. Einstein theorized that Earth and other very massive bodies affect space and time around them in a similar way. This idea is represented in Figure 13.19. According to Einstein, objects curve toward one another because of the curves in space and time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction as Newton thought. You can see an animation of Einsteins theory of gravity at this URL: http://einstein. theory of gravity, go to this URL: [SEP] According to Einstein, objects curve toward one another
When gravity pulls objects toward the ground, it causes them to accelerate. Acceleration due to gravity equals 9.8 m/s2 . In other words, the velocity at which an object falls toward Earth increases each second by 9.8 m/s. Therefore, after 1 second, an object is falling at a velocity of 9.8 m/s. After 2 seconds, it is falling at a velocity of 19.6 m/s (9.8 m/s  2), and so on. This is illustrated in Figure 13.20. You can compare the acceleration due to gravity on Earth, the moon, and Mars with the interactive animation called "Freefall" at this URL: http://jersey.uoregon.edu/vlab/ . You might think that an object with greater mass would accelerate faster than an object with less mass. After all, its greater mass means that it is pulled by a stronger force of gravity. However, a more massive object accelerates at the same rate as a less massive object. The reason? The more massive object is harder to move because of its greater mass. As a result, it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the less massive object. Consider a bowling ball and a basketball. The bowling ball has greater mass than the basketball. However, if you were to drop both balls at the same time from the same distance above the ground, they would reach the ground together. This is true of all falling objects, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn because of the leafs greater surface area. However, if the leaf and acorn were to fall in the absence of air (that is, in a vacuum), they would reach the ground at the same time. [SEP] its greater mass
When gravity pulls objects toward the ground, it causes them to accelerate. Acceleration due to gravity equals 9.8 m/s2 . In other words, the velocity at which an object falls toward Earth increases each second by 9.8 m/s. Therefore, after 1 second, an object is falling at a velocity of 9.8 m/s. After 2 seconds, it is falling at a velocity of 19.6 m/s (9.8 m/s  2), and so on. This is illustrated in Figure 13.20. You can compare the acceleration due to gravity on Earth, the moon, and Mars with the interactive animation called "Freefall" at this URL: http://jersey.uoregon.edu/vlab/ . You might think that an object with greater mass would accelerate faster than an object with less mass. After all, its greater mass means that it is pulled by a stronger force of gravity. However, a more massive object accelerates at the same rate as a less massive object. The reason? The more massive object is harder to move because of its greater mass. As a result, it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the less massive object. Consider a bowling ball and a basketball. The bowling ball has greater mass than the basketball. However, if you were to drop both balls at the same time from the same distance above the ground, they would reach the ground together. This is true of all falling objects, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn because of the leafs greater surface area. However, if the leaf and acorn were to fall in the absence of air (that is, in a vacuum), they would reach the ground at the same time. [SEP] The more massive object is harder to move
Newtons first law of motion is also called the law of inertia. Inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its motion. If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. If the object is already moving, inertia will keep it moving. Think about what happens when you are riding in a car that stops suddenly. Your body moves forward on the seat. Why? The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward because of inertia. Thats why its important to always wear a seat belt. Inertia also explains the amusement park ride in Figure 14.1. The car keeps changing direction, but the riders keep moving in the same direction as before. They slide to the opposite side of the car as a result. You can see an animation of inertia at this URL: [SEP] inertia
Newtons first law of motion is also called the law of inertia. Inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its motion. If an object is already at rest, inertia will keep it at rest. If the object is already moving, inertia will keep it moving. Think about what happens when you are riding in a car that stops suddenly. Your body moves forward on the seat. Why? The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward because of inertia. Thats why its important to always wear a seat belt. Inertia also explains the amusement park ride in Figure 14.1. The car keeps changing direction, but the riders keep moving in the same direction as before. They slide to the opposite side of the car as a result. You can see an animation of inertia at this URL: [SEP] The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward
Newtons second law of motion explains the weight of objects. Weight is a measure of the force of gravity pulling on an object of a given mass. Its the force (F) in the acceleration equation that was introduced above: a= F m This equation can also be written as: F = ma The acceleration due to gravity of an object equals 9.8 m/s2 , so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as: F = m  9.8 m/s2 As this equation shows, weight is directly related to mass. As an objects mass increases, so does its weight. For example, if mass doubles, weight doubles as well. You can learn more about weight and acceleration at this URL: Problem Solving Problem: Daisy has a mass of 35 kilograms. How much does she weigh? Solution: Use the formula: F = m  9.8 m/s2 . F = 35 kg  9.8 m/s2 = 343.0 kg  m/s2 = 343.0 N You Try It! Problem: Daisys dad has a mass is 70 kg, which is twice Daisys mass. Predict how much Daisys dad weighs. Then calculate his weight to see if your prediction is correct. Helpful Hints The equation for calculating weight (F = m  a) works only when the correct units of measurement are used. Mass must be in kilograms (kg). Acceleration must be in m/s2 . Weight (F) is expressed in kgm/s2 or in newtons (N). [SEP] gravity of an object equals 9.8 m/s2 , so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as: F = m  9.8 m/s2 As this equation shows, weight is directly related to mass
Newtons second law of motion explains the weight of objects. Weight is a measure of the force of gravity pulling on an object of a given mass. Its the force (F) in the acceleration equation that was introduced above: a= F m This equation can also be written as: F = ma The acceleration due to gravity of an object equals 9.8 m/s2 , so if you know the mass of an object, you can calculate its weight as: F = m  9.8 m/s2 As this equation shows, weight is directly related to mass. As an objects mass increases, so does its weight. For example, if mass doubles, weight doubles as well. You can learn more about weight and acceleration at this URL: Problem Solving Problem: Daisy has a mass of 35 kilograms. How much does she weigh? Solution: Use the formula: F = m  9.8 m/s2 . F = 35 kg  9.8 m/s2 = 343.0 kg  m/s2 = 343.0 N You Try It! Problem: Daisys dad has a mass is 70 kg, which is twice Daisys mass. Predict how much Daisys dad weighs. Then calculate his weight to see if your prediction is correct. Helpful Hints The equation for calculating weight (F = m  a) works only when the correct units of measurement are used. Mass must be in kilograms (kg). Acceleration must be in m/s2 . Weight (F) is expressed in kgm/s2 or in newtons (N). [SEP] Its the force (F) in the acceleration equation that was introduced above: a= F m This equation can also be written as: F = ma The acceleration
Sometimes power is measured in a unit called the horsepower. One horsepower is the amount of work a horse can do in 1 minute. It equals 745 watts of power. The horsepower was introduced by James Watt, who invented the first powerful steam engine in the 1770s. Watts steam engine led to a revolution in industry and agriculture because of its power. Watt wanted to impress people with the power of his steam engine, so he compared it with something familiar to people of his time: the power of workhorses, like those pictured in Figure 16.6. Watt said his steam engine could produce the power of 20 horses, or 20 horsepower. The most powerful engines today may produce more than 100,000 horsepower! How many watts of power is that? [SEP] its power
Sometimes power is measured in a unit called the horsepower. One horsepower is the amount of work a horse can do in 1 minute. It equals 745 watts of power. The horsepower was introduced by James Watt, who invented the first powerful steam engine in the 1770s. Watts steam engine led to a revolution in industry and agriculture because of its power. Watt wanted to impress people with the power of his steam engine, so he compared it with something familiar to people of his time: the power of workhorses, like those pictured in Figure 16.6. Watt said his steam engine could produce the power of 20 horses, or 20 horsepower. The most powerful engines today may produce more than 100,000 horsepower! How many watts of power is that? [SEP] Watts steam engine led to a revolution in industry and agriculture
Another measure of the effectiveness of a machine is its mechanical advantage. Mechanical advantage is the number of times a machine multiplies the input force. It can be calculated with the equation: Mechanical Advantage = Output force Input force This equation computes the actual mechanical advantage of a machine. It takes into account the reduction in output force that is due to friction. It shows how much a machine actually multiplies force when it used in the real world. [SEP] friction
Another measure of the effectiveness of a machine is its mechanical advantage. Mechanical advantage is the number of times a machine multiplies the input force. It can be calculated with the equation: Mechanical Advantage = Output force Input force This equation computes the actual mechanical advantage of a machine. It takes into account the reduction in output force that is due to friction. It shows how much a machine actually multiplies force when it used in the real world. [SEP] It takes into account the reduction in output force that is
Imagine trying to slice a tomato with a fork or spoon instead of a knife, like the one in Figure 16.15. The knife makes the job a lot easier because of the wedge shape of the blade. A wedge is a simple machine that consists of two inclined planes. But unlike one inclined plane, a wedge works only when it moves. It has a thin end and thick end, and the thin end is forced into an object to cut or split it. The chisel in Figure 16.15 is another example of a wedge. The input force is applied to the thick end of a wedge, and it acts over the length of the wedge. The output force pushes against the object on both sides of the wedge, so the output distance is the thickness of the wedge. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of a wedge can be calculated as: Ideal Mechanical Advantage = Length of wedge Maximum thickness of wedge The length of a wedge is always greater than its maximum thickness. As a result, the ideal mechanical advantage of a wedge is always greater than 1. [SEP] the wedge shape of the blade
Imagine trying to slice a tomato with a fork or spoon instead of a knife, like the one in Figure 16.15. The knife makes the job a lot easier because of the wedge shape of the blade. A wedge is a simple machine that consists of two inclined planes. But unlike one inclined plane, a wedge works only when it moves. It has a thin end and thick end, and the thin end is forced into an object to cut or split it. The chisel in Figure 16.15 is another example of a wedge. The input force is applied to the thick end of a wedge, and it acts over the length of the wedge. The output force pushes against the object on both sides of the wedge, so the output distance is the thickness of the wedge. Therefore, the ideal mechanical advantage of a wedge can be calculated as: Ideal Mechanical Advantage = Length of wedge Maximum thickness of wedge The length of a wedge is always greater than its maximum thickness. As a result, the ideal mechanical advantage of a wedge is always greater than 1. [SEP] The knife makes the job a lot easier
Did you ever see a scene like the one in Figure 17.4? In many parts of the world, trees lose their leaves in autumn. The leaves turn color and then fall from the trees to the ground. As the leaves are falling, they have kinetic energy. While they are still attached to the trees they also have energy, but its not because of motion. Instead, they have stored energy, called potential energy. An object has potential energy because of its position or shape. For example leaves on trees have potential energy because they could fall due to the pull of gravity. [SEP] motion
Did you ever see a scene like the one in Figure 17.4? In many parts of the world, trees lose their leaves in autumn. The leaves turn color and then fall from the trees to the ground. As the leaves are falling, they have kinetic energy. While they are still attached to the trees they also have energy, but its not because of motion. Instead, they have stored energy, called potential energy. An object has potential energy because of its position or shape. For example leaves on trees have potential energy because they could fall due to the pull of gravity. [SEP] While they are still attached to the trees they also have energy, but its not
Potential energy due to the position of an object above Earth is called gravitational potential energy. Like the leaves on trees, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. You can see examples of people with gravitational potential energy in Figure 17.5. Gravitational potential energy depends on an objects weight and its height above the ground. It can be calculated with the equation: Gravitational potential energy (GPE) = weight  height Consider the diver in Figure 17.5. If he weighs 70 newtons and the diving board is 5 meters above Earths surface, then his potential energy is: GPE = 70 N  5 m = 350 N  m, or 350 J [SEP] gravity
Potential energy due to the position of an object above Earth is called gravitational potential energy. Like the leaves on trees, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. You can see examples of people with gravitational potential energy in Figure 17.5. Gravitational potential energy depends on an objects weight and its height above the ground. It can be calculated with the equation: Gravitational potential energy (GPE) = weight  height Consider the diver in Figure 17.5. If he weighs 70 newtons and the diving board is 5 meters above Earths surface, then his potential energy is: GPE = 70 N  5 m = 350 N  m, or 350 J [SEP] Like the leaves on trees, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall
Potential energy due to an objects shape is called elastic potential energy. This energy results when elastic objects are stretched or compressed. Their elasticity gives them the potential to return to their original shape. For example, the rubber band in Figure 17.6 has been stretched, but it will spring back to its original shape when released. Springs like the handspring in the figure have elastic potential energy when they are compressed. What will happen when the handspring is released? [SEP] an objects shape is called elastic potential energy
Potential energy due to an objects shape is called elastic potential energy. This energy results when elastic objects are stretched or compressed. Their elasticity gives them the potential to return to their original shape. For example, the rubber band in Figure 17.6 has been stretched, but it will spring back to its original shape when released. Springs like the handspring in the figure have elastic potential energy when they are compressed. What will happen when the handspring is released? [SEP] Potential energy
Mechanical energy is the energy of an object that is moving or has the potential to move. It is the sum of an objects kinetic and potential energy. In Figure 17.9, the basketball has mechanical energy because it is moving. The arrow in the same figure has mechanical energy because it has the potential to move due to the elasticity of the bow. What are some other examples of mechanical energy? [SEP] the elasticity of the bow
Mechanical energy is the energy of an object that is moving or has the potential to move. It is the sum of an objects kinetic and potential energy. In Figure 17.9, the basketball has mechanical energy because it is moving. The arrow in the same figure has mechanical energy because it has the potential to move due to the elasticity of the bow. What are some other examples of mechanical energy? [SEP] The arrow in the same figure has mechanical energy because it has the potential to move
Energy often changes from one form to another. For example, the mechanical energy of a moving drumstick changes to sound energy when it strikes the drumhead and causes it to vibrate. Any form of energy can change into any other form. Frequently, one form of energy changes into two or more different forms. For example, when wood burns, the woods chemical energy changes to both thermal energy and light energy. Other examples of energy conversions are described in Figure 17.16. You can see still others at this URL: http://fi.edu/guide/hughes/energychangeex.html . You can check your understanding of how energy changes form by doing the quizzes at these URLs:  Energy is conserved in energy conversions. No energy is lost when energy changes form, although some may be released as thermal energy due to friction. For example, not all of the energy put into a steam turbine in Figure 17.16 changes to electrical energy. Some changes to thermal energy because of friction of the turning blades and other moving parts. The more efficient a device is, the greater the percentage of usable energy it produces. Appliances with an "Energy Star" label like the one in Figure 17.17 use energy efficiently and thereby reduce energy use. [SEP] friction of the turning blades and other moving parts
Energy often changes from one form to another. For example, the mechanical energy of a moving drumstick changes to sound energy when it strikes the drumhead and causes it to vibrate. Any form of energy can change into any other form. Frequently, one form of energy changes into two or more different forms. For example, when wood burns, the woods chemical energy changes to both thermal energy and light energy. Other examples of energy conversions are described in Figure 17.16. You can see still others at this URL: http://fi.edu/guide/hughes/energychangeex.html . You can check your understanding of how energy changes form by doing the quizzes at these URLs:  Energy is conserved in energy conversions. No energy is lost when energy changes form, although some may be released as thermal energy due to friction. For example, not all of the energy put into a steam turbine in Figure 17.16 changes to electrical energy. Some changes to thermal energy because of friction of the turning blades and other moving parts. The more efficient a device is, the greater the percentage of usable energy it produces. Appliances with an "Energy Star" label like the one in Figure 17.17 use energy efficiently and thereby reduce energy use. [SEP] Some changes to thermal energy
Renewable resources are natural resources that can be replaced in a relatively short period of time or are virtually limitless in supply. Renewable energy resources include sunlight, moving water, wind, biomass, and geothermal energy. Each of these energy resources is described in Table 17.1. Resources such as sunlight and wind are limitless in supply, so they will never run out. Besides their availability, renewable energy resources also have the advantage of producing little if any pollution and not contributing to global warming. The technology needed to gather energy from renewable resources is currently expensive to install, but most of the resources themselves are free for the taking. here? Renewable Energy Resource Sunlight The energy in sunlight, or solar energy, can be used to heat homes. It can also be used to produce electricity in solar cells. However, solar energy may not be practical in areas that are often cloudy. Example Solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to supply a familys needs. Moving Water When water falls downhill, its potential energy is con- verted to kinetic energy that can turn a turbine and generate electricity. The water may fall naturally over a waterfall or flow through a dam. A drawback of dams is that they flood land upstream and reduce water flow downstream. Either effect may harm ecosystems. Wind Wind is moving air, so it has kinetic energy that can do work. Remember the wind turbines that opened this chapter? Wind turbines change the kinetic energy of the wind to electrical energy. Only certain areas of the world get enough steady wind to produce much electricity. Many people also think that wind turbines are noisy and unattractive in the landscape. Water flowing through Hoover dam between Arizona and Nevada generates electricity for both of these states and also by southern California. The dam spans the Colorado River. This old-fashioned windmill captures wind energy that is used for pumping water out of a well. Windmills like this one have been used for centuries. Renewable Energy Resource Biomass The stored chemical energy of trees and other plants is called biomass energy. When plant materials are burned, they produce thermal energy that can be used for heating, cooking, or generating electricity. Biomassespecially woodis an important energy source in countries where most people cant afford fossil fuels. Some plants can also be used to make ethanol, a fuel that is added to gasoline. Ethanol produces less pollution than gasoline, but large areas of land are needed to grow the plants needed to make it. Geothermal Heat below Earths surfacecalled geothermal en- ergycan be used to produce electricity. A power plant pumps water underground where it is heated. Then it pumps the water back to the plant and uses its thermal energy to generate electricity. On a small scale, geothermal energy can be used to heat homes. Installing a geothermal system can be very costly, how- ever, because of the need to drill through underground rocks. Example This large machine is harvesting and grinding plants to be used for biomass energy. This geothermal power plant is located in Italy where hot magma is close to the surface. [SEP] the need to drill through underground rocks
Renewable resources are natural resources that can be replaced in a relatively short period of time or are virtually limitless in supply. Renewable energy resources include sunlight, moving water, wind, biomass, and geothermal energy. Each of these energy resources is described in Table 17.1. Resources such as sunlight and wind are limitless in supply, so they will never run out. Besides their availability, renewable energy resources also have the advantage of producing little if any pollution and not contributing to global warming. The technology needed to gather energy from renewable resources is currently expensive to install, but most of the resources themselves are free for the taking. here? Renewable Energy Resource Sunlight The energy in sunlight, or solar energy, can be used to heat homes. It can also be used to produce electricity in solar cells. However, solar energy may not be practical in areas that are often cloudy. Example Solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to supply a familys needs. Moving Water When water falls downhill, its potential energy is con- verted to kinetic energy that can turn a turbine and generate electricity. The water may fall naturally over a waterfall or flow through a dam. A drawback of dams is that they flood land upstream and reduce water flow downstream. Either effect may harm ecosystems. Wind Wind is moving air, so it has kinetic energy that can do work. Remember the wind turbines that opened this chapter? Wind turbines change the kinetic energy of the wind to electrical energy. Only certain areas of the world get enough steady wind to produce much electricity. Many people also think that wind turbines are noisy and unattractive in the landscape. Water flowing through Hoover dam between Arizona and Nevada generates electricity for both of these states and also by southern California. The dam spans the Colorado River. This old-fashioned windmill captures wind energy that is used for pumping water out of a well. Windmills like this one have been used for centuries. Renewable Energy Resource Biomass The stored chemical energy of trees and other plants is called biomass energy. When plant materials are burned, they produce thermal energy that can be used for heating, cooking, or generating electricity. Biomassespecially woodis an important energy source in countries where most people cant afford fossil fuels. Some plants can also be used to make ethanol, a fuel that is added to gasoline. Ethanol produces less pollution than gasoline, but large areas of land are needed to grow the plants needed to make it. Geothermal Heat below Earths surfacecalled geothermal en- ergycan be used to produce electricity. A power plant pumps water underground where it is heated. Then it pumps the water back to the plant and uses its thermal energy to generate electricity. On a small scale, geothermal energy can be used to heat homes. Installing a geothermal system can be very costly, how- ever, because of the need to drill through underground rocks. Example This large machine is harvesting and grinding plants to be used for biomass energy. This geothermal power plant is located in Italy where hot magma is close to the surface. [SEP] Installing a geothermal system can be very costly, how- ever
The largest solar thermal plant in the world opens in Californias Mojave Desert, after a debate that pitted renewable energy against a threatened tortoise. The Ivanpah solar plant is one of seven big solar farms scheduled to open in California in the coming months, as a result of the states push to produce one third of its electricity from renewable energy. Some 30 states have similar mandates. For more information on this solar plant, see http://science.kqed.org/ MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] the states push to produce one third of its electricity from renewable energy
The largest solar thermal plant in the world opens in Californias Mojave Desert, after a debate that pitted renewable energy against a threatened tortoise. The Ivanpah solar plant is one of seven big solar farms scheduled to open in California in the coming months, as a result of the states push to produce one third of its electricity from renewable energy. Some 30 states have similar mandates. For more information on this solar plant, see http://science.kqed.org/ MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] The Ivanpah solar plant is one of seven big solar farms scheduled to open in California in the coming months
The roadway across the Golden Gate Bridge rises and falls as much as 16 feet depending on the temperature. When the sun hits the bridge, the metal expands and the bridge cables stretch. As the fog rolls in, the cables contract and the bridge goes up. Curators from the Outdoor Exploratorium in San Francisco have set up a scope two miles away so you can see how the bridge is moving up or down depending on the weather. For more information on how the bridge moves due to temperature, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/quest-lab-bridge-thermometer/ . Heat is the transfer of thermal energy between objects that have different temperatures. Thermal energy always moves from an object with a higher temperature to an object with a lower temperature. Specific heat is the amount of energy (in joules) needed to raise the temperature of 1 gram of a substance by 1C. Substances differ in their specific heat. [SEP] temperature, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/quest-lab-bridge-thermometer/ 
The roadway across the Golden Gate Bridge rises and falls as much as 16 feet depending on the temperature. When the sun hits the bridge, the metal expands and the bridge cables stretch. As the fog rolls in, the cables contract and the bridge goes up. Curators from the Outdoor Exploratorium in San Francisco have set up a scope two miles away so you can see how the bridge is moving up or down depending on the weather. For more information on how the bridge moves due to temperature, see http://science.kqed.org/quest/video/quest-lab-bridge-thermometer/ . Heat is the transfer of thermal energy between objects that have different temperatures. Thermal energy always moves from an object with a higher temperature to an object with a lower temperature. Specific heat is the amount of energy (in joules) needed to raise the temperature of 1 gram of a substance by 1C. Substances differ in their specific heat. [SEP] For more information on how the bridge moves
Both conduction and convection transfer energy through matter. Radiation is the only way of transferring energy that doesnt require matter. Radiation is the transfer of energy by waves that can travel through empty space. When the waves reach objects, they transfer energy to the objects, causing them to warm up. This is how the suns energy reaches Earth and heats its surface (see Figure 18.10). Radiation is also how thermal energy from a campfire warms people nearby. You might be surprised to learn that all objects radiate thermal energy, including people. In fact, when a room is full of people, it may feel noticeably warmer because of all the thermal energy the people radiate! To learn more about thermal radiation, watch "Radiation" at the URL below. [SEP] all the thermal energy the people radiate
Both conduction and convection transfer energy through matter. Radiation is the only way of transferring energy that doesnt require matter. Radiation is the transfer of energy by waves that can travel through empty space. When the waves reach objects, they transfer energy to the objects, causing them to warm up. This is how the suns energy reaches Earth and heats its surface (see Figure 18.10). Radiation is also how thermal energy from a campfire warms people nearby. You might be surprised to learn that all objects radiate thermal energy, including people. In fact, when a room is full of people, it may feel noticeably warmer because of all the thermal energy the people radiate! To learn more about thermal radiation, watch "Radiation" at the URL below. [SEP] In fact, when a room is full of people, it may feel noticeably warmer
When a wave is reflected straight back from an obstacle, the reflected wave interferes with the original wave and creates a standing wave. This is a wave that appears to be standing still. A standing wave occurs because of a combination of constructive and destructive interference between a wave and its reflected wave. You can see animations of standing waves at the URLs below. http://skullsinthestars.com/2008/05/04/classic-science-paper-otto-wieners-experiment-1890/  Its easy to generate a standing wave in a rope by tying one end to a fixed object and moving the other end up and down. When waves reach the fixed object, they are reflected back. The original wave and the reflected wave interfere to produce a standing wave. Try it yourself and see if the wave appears to stand still. [SEP] a combination of constructive and destructive interference between a wave and its reflected wave
When a wave is reflected straight back from an obstacle, the reflected wave interferes with the original wave and creates a standing wave. This is a wave that appears to be standing still. A standing wave occurs because of a combination of constructive and destructive interference between a wave and its reflected wave. You can see animations of standing waves at the URLs below. http://skullsinthestars.com/2008/05/04/classic-science-paper-otto-wieners-experiment-1890/  Its easy to generate a standing wave in a rope by tying one end to a fixed object and moving the other end up and down. When waves reach the fixed object, they are reflected back. The original wave and the reflected wave interfere to produce a standing wave. Try it yourself and see if the wave appears to stand still. [SEP] A standing wave occurs
Sound has certain characteristic properties because of the way sound energy travels in waves. Properties of sound include speed, loudness, and pitch. [SEP] the way sound energy travels in waves
Sound has certain characteristic properties because of the way sound energy travels in waves. Properties of sound include speed, loudness, and pitch. [SEP] Sound has certain characteristic properties
In radio broadcasts, sounds are encoded in radio waves that are sent out through the atmosphere from a radio tower. A receiver detects the radio waves and changes them back to sounds. Youve probably listened to both AM and FM radio stations. How sounds are encoded in radio waves differs between AM and FM broadcasts. AM stands for amplitude modulation. In AM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the amplitude of radio waves. AM broadcasts use longerwavelength radio waves than FM broadcasts. Because of their longer wavelengths, AM radio waves reflect off a layer of the upper atmosphere called the ionosphere. You can see how this happens in Figure 21.8. This allows AM radio waves to reach radio receivers that are very far away from the radio tower. FM stands for frequency modulation. In FM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the frequency of radio waves. Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually sound clearer than AM broadcasts. However, because of their shorter wavelength, FM waves do not reflect off the ionosphere. Instead, they pass right through it and out into space (see Figure 21.8). As a result, FM waves cannot reach very distant receivers. [SEP] their shorter wavelength, FM waves do not reflect off the ionosphere
In radio broadcasts, sounds are encoded in radio waves that are sent out through the atmosphere from a radio tower. A receiver detects the radio waves and changes them back to sounds. Youve probably listened to both AM and FM radio stations. How sounds are encoded in radio waves differs between AM and FM broadcasts. AM stands for amplitude modulation. In AM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the amplitude of radio waves. AM broadcasts use longerwavelength radio waves than FM broadcasts. Because of their longer wavelengths, AM radio waves reflect off a layer of the upper atmosphere called the ionosphere. You can see how this happens in Figure 21.8. This allows AM radio waves to reach radio receivers that are very far away from the radio tower. FM stands for frequency modulation. In FM broadcasts, sound signals are encoded by changing the frequency of radio waves. Frequency modulation allows FM waves to encode more information than does amplitude modulation, so FM broadcasts usually sound clearer than AM broadcasts. However, because of their shorter wavelength, FM waves do not reflect off the ionosphere. Instead, they pass right through it and out into space (see Figure 21.8). As a result, FM waves cannot reach very distant receivers. [SEP] However
The sun and other stars produce light because they are so hot. They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures. This way of producing light is called incandescence. Some objects produce light without becoming very hot. They generate light through chemical reactions or other processes. Producing light without heat is called luminescence. Objects that produce light by luminescence are said to be luminous. Luminescence, in turn, can occur in different ways: One type of luminescence is called fluorescence. In this process, a substance absorbs shorter-wavelength light, such as ultraviolet light, and then gives off light in the visible range of wavelengths. Certain minerals produce light in this way. Another type of luminescence is called electroluminescence. In this process, a substance gives off light when an electric current runs through it. Some gases produce light in this way. A third type of luminescence is called bioluminescence. This is the production of light by living things as a result of chemical reactions. Examples of bioluminescent organisms are pictured in Figure 22.2. You can learn more about bioluminescence in the video at this URL:  Many other objects appear to produce their own light, but they actually just reflect light from another source. The moon is a good example. It appears to glow in the sky from its own light, but in reality it is just reflecting light from the sun. Objects like the moon that are lit up by another source of light are said to be illuminated. Everything you can see that doesnt produce its own light is illuminated. [SEP] chemical reactions
The sun and other stars produce light because they are so hot. They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures. This way of producing light is called incandescence. Some objects produce light without becoming very hot. They generate light through chemical reactions or other processes. Producing light without heat is called luminescence. Objects that produce light by luminescence are said to be luminous. Luminescence, in turn, can occur in different ways: One type of luminescence is called fluorescence. In this process, a substance absorbs shorter-wavelength light, such as ultraviolet light, and then gives off light in the visible range of wavelengths. Certain minerals produce light in this way. Another type of luminescence is called electroluminescence. In this process, a substance gives off light when an electric current runs through it. Some gases produce light in this way. A third type of luminescence is called bioluminescence. This is the production of light by living things as a result of chemical reactions. Examples of bioluminescent organisms are pictured in Figure 22.2. You can learn more about bioluminescence in the video at this URL:  Many other objects appear to produce their own light, but they actually just reflect light from another source. The moon is a good example. It appears to glow in the sky from its own light, but in reality it is just reflecting light from the sun. Objects like the moon that are lit up by another source of light are said to be illuminated. Everything you can see that doesnt produce its own light is illuminated. [SEP] This is the production of light by living things
Magnetism is due to the movement of electrons within atoms of matter. When electrons spin around the nucleus of an atom, it causes the atom to become a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. In most materials, the electrons orbiting the nuclei of the atoms are arranged in such a way that the materials have no magnetic properties. Also, in most types of matter, the north and south poles of atoms point in all different directions, so overall the matter is not magnetic. Examples of nonmagnetic materials include wood, glass, plastic, paper, copper, and aluminum. These materials are not attracted to magnets and cannot become magnets. In other materials, electrons fill the orbitals of the atoms that make up the material in a way to allow for each atom to have a tiny magnetic field, giving each atom a tiny north and south pole. There are large areas where the north and south poles of atoms are all lined up in the same direction. These areas are called magnetic domains. Generally, the magnetic domains point in different directions, so the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized by placing it in a magnetic field. When this happens, all the magnetic domains become aligned, and the material becomes a magnet. This is illustrated in Figure 24.6. Materials that can be magnetized are called ferromagnetic materials. They include iron, cobalt, and nickel. [SEP] the movement of electrons within atoms of matter
Magnetism is due to the movement of electrons within atoms of matter. When electrons spin around the nucleus of an atom, it causes the atom to become a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. In most materials, the electrons orbiting the nuclei of the atoms are arranged in such a way that the materials have no magnetic properties. Also, in most types of matter, the north and south poles of atoms point in all different directions, so overall the matter is not magnetic. Examples of nonmagnetic materials include wood, glass, plastic, paper, copper, and aluminum. These materials are not attracted to magnets and cannot become magnets. In other materials, electrons fill the orbitals of the atoms that make up the material in a way to allow for each atom to have a tiny magnetic field, giving each atom a tiny north and south pole. There are large areas where the north and south poles of atoms are all lined up in the same direction. These areas are called magnetic domains. Generally, the magnetic domains point in different directions, so the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized by placing it in a magnetic field. When this happens, all the magnetic domains become aligned, and the material becomes a magnet. This is illustrated in Figure 24.6. Materials that can be magnetized are called ferromagnetic materials. They include iron, cobalt, and nickel. [SEP] Magnetism is
You can see how Mendeleev organized the elements in Figure 6.2. From left to right across each row, elements are arranged by increasing atomic mass. Mendeleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. He called the columns groups. They are sometimes called families, because elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another, like people in a family. Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table because of its repeating pattern. Anything that keeps repeating is referred to as periodic. Other examples of things that are periodic include the monthly phases of the moon and the daily cycle of night and day. The term period refers to the interval between repetitions. In a periodic table, the periods are the rows of the table. In Mendeleevs table, each period contains eight elements, and then the pattern repeats in the next row. [SEP] its repeating pattern
You can see how Mendeleev organized the elements in Figure 6.2. From left to right across each row, elements are arranged by increasing atomic mass. Mendeleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. He called the columns groups. They are sometimes called families, because elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another, like people in a family. Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table because of its repeating pattern. Anything that keeps repeating is referred to as periodic. Other examples of things that are periodic include the monthly phases of the moon and the daily cycle of night and day. The term period refers to the interval between repetitions. In a periodic table, the periods are the rows of the table. In Mendeleevs table, each period contains eight elements, and then the pattern repeats in the next row. [SEP] Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table
Covalent compounds have different properties than ionic compounds because of their bonds. Covalent compounds exist as individual molecules rather than crystals. It takes less energy for individual molecules than ions in a crystal to pull apart. As a result, covalent compounds have lower melting and boiling points than ionic compounds. Many are gases or liquids at room temperature. Covalent compounds have shared electrons. These are not free to move like the transferred electrons of ionic compounds. This makes covalent compounds poor conductors of electricity. Many covalent compounds also do not dissolve in water as all ionic compounds do. [SEP] their bonds
Covalent compounds have different properties than ionic compounds because of their bonds. Covalent compounds exist as individual molecules rather than crystals. It takes less energy for individual molecules than ions in a crystal to pull apart. As a result, covalent compounds have lower melting and boiling points than ionic compounds. Many are gases or liquids at room temperature. Covalent compounds have shared electrons. These are not free to move like the transferred electrons of ionic compounds. This makes covalent compounds poor conductors of electricity. Many covalent compounds also do not dissolve in water as all ionic compounds do. [SEP] Covalent compounds have different properties than ionic compounds
Because of their freely moving electrons, metals are good conductors of electricity. Metals also can be shaped without breaking. They are ductile (can be shaped into wires) and malleable (can be shaped into thin sheets). Metals have these properties because of the nature of their metallic bonds. A metallic lattice, like the one in Figure 7.13, may resemble a rigid ionic crystal. However, it is much more flexible. Look at Figure 7.14. It shows a blacksmith hammering a piece of red-hot iron in order to shape it. Why doesnt the iron shatter, as an ionic crystal would? The ions of the metal can move within the "sea" of electrons without breaking the metallic bonds that hold them together. The ions can shift closer together or farther apart. In this way, the metal can change shape without breaking. You can learn more about metallic bonds and the properties of metals at this URL:  (6:12). MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] the nature of their metallic bonds
Because of their freely moving electrons, metals are good conductors of electricity. Metals also can be shaped without breaking. They are ductile (can be shaped into wires) and malleable (can be shaped into thin sheets). Metals have these properties because of the nature of their metallic bonds. A metallic lattice, like the one in Figure 7.13, may resemble a rigid ionic crystal. However, it is much more flexible. Look at Figure 7.14. It shows a blacksmith hammering a piece of red-hot iron in order to shape it. Why doesnt the iron shatter, as an ionic crystal would? The ions of the metal can move within the "sea" of electrons without breaking the metallic bonds that hold them together. The ions can shift closer together or farther apart. In this way, the metal can change shape without breaking. You can learn more about metallic bonds and the properties of metals at this URL:  (6:12). MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] Metals have these properties
Metals are useful for many purposes because of their unique properties. However, pure metals may be less useful than mixtures of metals. For example, iron is not as strong as steel, which is a mixture of iron and small amounts of carbon. Steel is so strong that it can hold up huge bridges, like the one Figure 7.15. Steel is also used to make skyscrapers, cargo ships, cars, and trains. Steel is an example of an alloy. An alloy is a mixture of a metal with one or more other elements. The other elements may be metals, nonmetals, or both. An alloy is a solid solution. It is formed by melting a metal and dissolving the other elements in it. The molten solution is then allowed to cool and harden. Several other examples of alloys and their uses are shown in Figure 7.16. You can learn about an amazing alloy called memory wire at the URL below. If you have braces on your teeth, you may even have this alloy in your mouth! [SEP] their unique properties
Metals are useful for many purposes because of their unique properties. However, pure metals may be less useful than mixtures of metals. For example, iron is not as strong as steel, which is a mixture of iron and small amounts of carbon. Steel is so strong that it can hold up huge bridges, like the one Figure 7.15. Steel is also used to make skyscrapers, cargo ships, cars, and trains. Steel is an example of an alloy. An alloy is a mixture of a metal with one or more other elements. The other elements may be metals, nonmetals, or both. An alloy is a solid solution. It is formed by melting a metal and dissolving the other elements in it. The molten solution is then allowed to cool and harden. Several other examples of alloys and their uses are shown in Figure 7.16. You can learn about an amazing alloy called memory wire at the URL below. If you have braces on your teeth, you may even have this alloy in your mouth! [SEP] Metals are useful for many purposes
Unsaturated cyclic hydrocarbons are called aromatic hydrocarbons. Thats because they have a strong aroma, or scent. Their molecules consist of six carbon atoms in a ring shape, connected by alternating single and double bonds. Aromatic hydrocarbons may have a single ring or multiple rings joined together by bonds between their carbon atoms. Benzene is the smallest aromatic hydrocarbon. It has just one ring. You can see its structural formula in Figure 9.14. Benzene has many uses. For example, it is used in air fresheners and mothballs because of its strong scent. You can learn more about benzene and other aromatic hydrocarbons at this URL:  MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] its strong scent
Unsaturated cyclic hydrocarbons are called aromatic hydrocarbons. Thats because they have a strong aroma, or scent. Their molecules consist of six carbon atoms in a ring shape, connected by alternating single and double bonds. Aromatic hydrocarbons may have a single ring or multiple rings joined together by bonds between their carbon atoms. Benzene is the smallest aromatic hydrocarbon. It has just one ring. You can see its structural formula in Figure 9.14. Benzene has many uses. For example, it is used in air fresheners and mothballs because of its strong scent. You can learn more about benzene and other aromatic hydrocarbons at this URL:  MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] For example, it is used in air fresheners and mothballs
What if you were to drop a bowling ball and a soccer ball at the same time from the same distance above the ground? The bowling ball has greater mass than the basketball, so the pull of gravity on it is greater. Would it fall to the ground faster? No, the bowling ball and basketball would reach the ground at the same time. The reason? The more massive bowling ball is also harder to move because of its greater mass, so it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the soccer ball. This is true of all falling objects. They all accelerate at the same rate due to gravity, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn because of the leafs greater surface area. Q: If a leaf and an acorn were to fall to the ground in the absence of air (that is, in a vacuum), how would this affect their acceleration due to gravity? A: They would both accelerate at the same rate and reach the ground at the same time. [SEP] its greater mass, so it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the soccer ball
What if you were to drop a bowling ball and a soccer ball at the same time from the same distance above the ground? The bowling ball has greater mass than the basketball, so the pull of gravity on it is greater. Would it fall to the ground faster? No, the bowling ball and basketball would reach the ground at the same time. The reason? The more massive bowling ball is also harder to move because of its greater mass, so it ends up moving at the same acceleration as the soccer ball. This is true of all falling objects. They all accelerate at the same rate due to gravity, unless air resistance affects one object more than another. For example, a falling leaf is slowed down by air resistance more than a falling acorn because of the leafs greater surface area. Q: If a leaf and an acorn were to fall to the ground in the absence of air (that is, in a vacuum), how would this affect their acceleration due to gravity? A: They would both accelerate at the same rate and reach the ground at the same time. [SEP] The more massive bowling ball is also harder to move
Objects such as ships may float in a fluid like water because of buoyant force. This is an upward force that a fluid exerts on any object that is placed in it. Archimedes discovered that the buoyant force acting on an object equals the weight of the fluid displaced by the object. This is known as Archimedes law (or Archimedes principle). [SEP] buoyant force
Objects such as ships may float in a fluid like water because of buoyant force. This is an upward force that a fluid exerts on any object that is placed in it. Archimedes discovered that the buoyant force acting on an object equals the weight of the fluid displaced by the object. This is known as Archimedes law (or Archimedes principle). [SEP] Objects such as ships may float in a fluid like water
Electromagnetic force is a force of attraction or repulsion between all electrically charged particles. This force is transferred between charged particles of matter by fundamental force-carrying particles called photons. Because of electromagnetic force, particles with opposite charges attract each other and particles with the same charge repel each other. Inside the atom, two types of subatomic particles have electric charge: electrons, which have an electric charge of -1, and protons, which have an opposite but equal electric charge of +1. The model of an atom in the Figure 1.1 shows both types of charged particles. Protons are found inside the nucleus at the center of the atom, and they give the nucleus a positive charge. (There are also neutrons in the nucleus, but they have no electric charge.) Negative electrons stay in the area surrounding the positive nucleus because of the electromagnetic force of attraction between them. Q: Why do you think protons cluster together in the nucleus of the atom instead of repelling each other because of their like charges? A: The electromagnetic force of repulsion between positively charged protons is overcome by a stronger force, called the strong nuclear force. [SEP] the electromagnetic force of attraction between them
Electromagnetic force is a force of attraction or repulsion between all electrically charged particles. This force is transferred between charged particles of matter by fundamental force-carrying particles called photons. Because of electromagnetic force, particles with opposite charges attract each other and particles with the same charge repel each other. Inside the atom, two types of subatomic particles have electric charge: electrons, which have an electric charge of -1, and protons, which have an opposite but equal electric charge of +1. The model of an atom in the Figure 1.1 shows both types of charged particles. Protons are found inside the nucleus at the center of the atom, and they give the nucleus a positive charge. (There are also neutrons in the nucleus, but they have no electric charge.) Negative electrons stay in the area surrounding the positive nucleus because of the electromagnetic force of attraction between them. Q: Why do you think protons cluster together in the nucleus of the atom instead of repelling each other because of their like charges? A: The electromagnetic force of repulsion between positively charged protons is overcome by a stronger force, called the strong nuclear force. [SEP] Negative electrons stay in the area surrounding the positive nucleus
A compound is a unique substance that forms when two or more elements combine chemically. Compounds form as a result of chemical reactions. The elements in compounds are held together by chemical bonds. A chemical bond is a force of attraction between atoms or ions that share or transfer valence electrons. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL:  Water is an example of a common chemical compound. As you can see in the Figure 1.1, each water molecule consists of two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen. Water always has this 2:1 ratio of hydrogen to oxygen. Like water, all compounds consist of a fixed ratio of elements. It doesnt matter how much or how little of a compound there is. It always has the same composition. Q: Sometimes the same elements combine in different ratios. How can this happen if a compound always consists of the same elements in the same ratio? A: If the same elements combine in different ratios, they form different compounds. [SEP] chemical reactions
A compound is a unique substance that forms when two or more elements combine chemically. Compounds form as a result of chemical reactions. The elements in compounds are held together by chemical bonds. A chemical bond is a force of attraction between atoms or ions that share or transfer valence electrons. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL:  Water is an example of a common chemical compound. As you can see in the Figure 1.1, each water molecule consists of two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen. Water always has this 2:1 ratio of hydrogen to oxygen. Like water, all compounds consist of a fixed ratio of elements. It doesnt matter how much or how little of a compound there is. It always has the same composition. Q: Sometimes the same elements combine in different ratios. How can this happen if a compound always consists of the same elements in the same ratio? A: If the same elements combine in different ratios, they form different compounds. [SEP] Compounds form
An opaque object is one that doesnt let light pass through it. Instead, it reflects or absorbs the light that strikes it. Many objects, such as the leaves pictured in the Figure 1.3, reflect just one or a few wavelengths of visible light and absorb the rest. The wavelengths that are reflected determine the color that an object appears to the human eye. For example, the leaves appear green because they reflect green light and absorb light of other wavelengths. A transparent or translucent material, such as window glass, transmits some or all of the light that strikes it. This means that the light passes through the material rather than being reflected by it. In this case, we see the material because of the transmitted light. Therefore, the wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears. Look at the beautiful stained glass windows in the Figure 1.4. The different colors of glass transmit The color of light that strikes an object may also affect the color that the object appears. For example, if only blue light strikes green leaves, the blue light is absorbed and no light is reflected. Q: What color do you see if an object absorbs all of the light that strikes it? A: When all of the light is absorbed, none is reflected, so the object looks black. But black isnt a color of light. Black is the absence of light. [SEP] the transmitted light
An opaque object is one that doesnt let light pass through it. Instead, it reflects or absorbs the light that strikes it. Many objects, such as the leaves pictured in the Figure 1.3, reflect just one or a few wavelengths of visible light and absorb the rest. The wavelengths that are reflected determine the color that an object appears to the human eye. For example, the leaves appear green because they reflect green light and absorb light of other wavelengths. A transparent or translucent material, such as window glass, transmits some or all of the light that strikes it. This means that the light passes through the material rather than being reflected by it. In this case, we see the material because of the transmitted light. Therefore, the wavelength of the transmitted light determines the color that the object appears. Look at the beautiful stained glass windows in the Figure 1.4. The different colors of glass transmit The color of light that strikes an object may also affect the color that the object appears. For example, if only blue light strikes green leaves, the blue light is absorbed and no light is reflected. Q: What color do you see if an object absorbs all of the light that strikes it? A: When all of the light is absorbed, none is reflected, so the object looks black. But black isnt a color of light. Black is the absence of light. [SEP] In this case, we see the material
Democritus thought that different kinds of matter vary because of the size, shape, and arrangement of their atoms. For example, he suggested that sweet substances are made of smooth atoms and bitter substances are made of sharp atoms. He speculated that atoms of liquids are slippery, which allows them to slide over each other and liquids to flow. Atoms of solids, in contrast, stick together, so they cannot move apart. Differences in the weight of matter, he argued, could be explained by the closeness of atoms. Atoms of lighter matter, he thought, were more spread out and separated by more empty space. Q: Democritus thought that different kinds of atoms make up different types of matter. How is this similar to modern ideas about atoms? A: The modern view is that atoms of different elements differ in their numbers of protons and electrons and this gives them different physical and chemical properties. Dust motes dance in a beam of sunlight. [SEP] the size, shape, and arrangement of their atoms
Democritus thought that different kinds of matter vary because of the size, shape, and arrangement of their atoms. For example, he suggested that sweet substances are made of smooth atoms and bitter substances are made of sharp atoms. He speculated that atoms of liquids are slippery, which allows them to slide over each other and liquids to flow. Atoms of solids, in contrast, stick together, so they cannot move apart. Differences in the weight of matter, he argued, could be explained by the closeness of atoms. Atoms of lighter matter, he thought, were more spread out and separated by more empty space. Q: Democritus thought that different kinds of atoms make up different types of matter. How is this similar to modern ideas about atoms? A: The modern view is that atoms of different elements differ in their numbers of protons and electrons and this gives them different physical and chemical properties. Dust motes dance in a beam of sunlight. [SEP] Democritus thought that different kinds of matter vary
Efficiency is the percent of work put into a machine by the user (input work) that becomes work done by the machine (output work). The output work is always less than the input work because some of the input work is used to overcome friction. Therefore, efficiency is always less than 100 percent. The closer to 100 percent a machines efficiency is, the better it is at reducing friction. Look at the ramp in the Figure 1.1. A ramp is a type of simple machine called an inclined plane. It is easier to push the heavy piece of furniture up the ramp to the truck than to lift it straight up off the ground, but pushing the furniture over the surface of the ramp creates a lot of friction. Some of the force applied to moving the furniture must be used to overcome the friction with the ramp. Q: Why would it be more efficient to use a dolly to roll the furniture up the ramp? A: There would be less friction to overcome if you used a dolly because of the wheels. So the efficiency of the ramp would be greater with the dolly. [SEP] the wheels
Efficiency is the percent of work put into a machine by the user (input work) that becomes work done by the machine (output work). The output work is always less than the input work because some of the input work is used to overcome friction. Therefore, efficiency is always less than 100 percent. The closer to 100 percent a machines efficiency is, the better it is at reducing friction. Look at the ramp in the Figure 1.1. A ramp is a type of simple machine called an inclined plane. It is easier to push the heavy piece of furniture up the ramp to the truck than to lift it straight up off the ground, but pushing the furniture over the surface of the ramp creates a lot of friction. Some of the force applied to moving the furniture must be used to overcome the friction with the ramp. Q: Why would it be more efficient to use a dolly to roll the furniture up the ramp? A: There would be less friction to overcome if you used a dolly because of the wheels. So the efficiency of the ramp would be greater with the dolly. [SEP] A: There would be less friction to overcome if you used a dolly
Einstein derived his theory using mathematics. However, you can get a good grasp of it with the help of a simple visual analogy. Imagine a bowling ball pressing down on a trampoline. The surface of the trampoline would curve downward instead of being flat. Now imagine placing a lighter ball at the edge of the trampoline. What will happen? It will roll down toward the bowling ball. This apparent attraction to the bowling ball occurs because the trampoline curves downward, not because the two balls are actually attracted to one another by an invisible force called gravity. Einstein theorized that the sun and other very massive bodies affect space and time around them in a way that is similar to the effect of the bowling ball on the trampoline. The more massive a body is, the more it causes space-time to curve. This idea is represented by the Figure 1.1. According to Einstein, objects move toward one another because of the curves in space-time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction. Einsteins theory is supported by evidence and widely accepted today, although Newtons law is still used for many calculations. [SEP] the curves in space-time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction
Einstein derived his theory using mathematics. However, you can get a good grasp of it with the help of a simple visual analogy. Imagine a bowling ball pressing down on a trampoline. The surface of the trampoline would curve downward instead of being flat. Now imagine placing a lighter ball at the edge of the trampoline. What will happen? It will roll down toward the bowling ball. This apparent attraction to the bowling ball occurs because the trampoline curves downward, not because the two balls are actually attracted to one another by an invisible force called gravity. Einstein theorized that the sun and other very massive bodies affect space and time around them in a way that is similar to the effect of the bowling ball on the trampoline. The more massive a body is, the more it causes space-time to curve. This idea is represented by the Figure 1.1. According to Einstein, objects move toward one another because of the curves in space-time, not because they are pulling on each other with a force of attraction. Einsteins theory is supported by evidence and widely accepted today, although Newtons law is still used for many calculations. [SEP] According to Einstein, objects move toward one another
Something that is elastic can return to its original shape after being stretched or compressed. This property is called elasticity. As you stretch or compress an elastic material like a bungee cord, it resists the change in shape. It exerts a counter force in the opposite direction. This force is called elastic force. The farther the material is stretched or compressed, the greater the elastic force becomes. As soon as the stretching or compressing force is released, elastic force causes the material to spring back to its original shape. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL:  Q: What force stretches the bungee cord after the jumper jumps? When does the bungee cord snap back to its original shape? A: After the bungee jumper jumps, he accelerates toward the ground due to gravity. His weight stretches the bungee cord. As the bungee cord stretches, it exerts elastic force upward against the jumper, which slows his descent and brings him to a momentary stop. Then the bungee cord springs back to its original shape, and the jumper bounces upward. [SEP] gravity
Something that is elastic can return to its original shape after being stretched or compressed. This property is called elasticity. As you stretch or compress an elastic material like a bungee cord, it resists the change in shape. It exerts a counter force in the opposite direction. This force is called elastic force. The farther the material is stretched or compressed, the greater the elastic force becomes. As soon as the stretching or compressing force is released, elastic force causes the material to spring back to its original shape. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL:  Q: What force stretches the bungee cord after the jumper jumps? When does the bungee cord snap back to its original shape? A: After the bungee jumper jumps, he accelerates toward the ground due to gravity. His weight stretches the bungee cord. As the bungee cord stretches, it exerts elastic force upward against the jumper, which slows his descent and brings him to a momentary stop. Then the bungee cord springs back to its original shape, and the jumper bounces upward. [SEP] A: After the bungee jumper jumps, he accelerates toward the ground
Electrons in the outermost energy level of an atom have a special significance. These electrons are called valence electrons, and they determine many of the properties of an atom. An atom is most stable if its outermost energy level contains as many electrons as it can hold. For example, helium has two electrons, both in the first energy level. This energy level can hold only two electrons, so heliums only energy level is full. This makes helium a very stable element. In other words, its atoms are unlikely to react with other atoms. Consider the elements fluorine and lithium, modeled in the Figure 1.3. Fluorine has seven of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level, which is energy level II. It would be more stable if it had one more electron because this would fill its outermost energy level. Lithium, on the other hand, has just one of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level (also energy level II). It would be more stable if it had one less electron because it would have a full outer energy level (now energy level I). Both fluorine and lithium are highly reactive elements because of their number of valence electrons. Fluorine will readily gain one electron and lithium will just as readily give up one electron to become more stable. In fact, lithium and fluorine will react together as shown in the Figure 1.4. When the two elements react, lithium transfers its one extra electron to fluorine. Q: A neon atom has ten electrons. How many electrons does it have in its outermost energy level? How stable do you think a neon atom is? A: A neon atom has two electrons in energy level I and its remaining eight electrons in energy level II, which can [SEP] their number of valence electrons
Electrons in the outermost energy level of an atom have a special significance. These electrons are called valence electrons, and they determine many of the properties of an atom. An atom is most stable if its outermost energy level contains as many electrons as it can hold. For example, helium has two electrons, both in the first energy level. This energy level can hold only two electrons, so heliums only energy level is full. This makes helium a very stable element. In other words, its atoms are unlikely to react with other atoms. Consider the elements fluorine and lithium, modeled in the Figure 1.3. Fluorine has seven of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level, which is energy level II. It would be more stable if it had one more electron because this would fill its outermost energy level. Lithium, on the other hand, has just one of eight possible electrons in its outermost energy level (also energy level II). It would be more stable if it had one less electron because it would have a full outer energy level (now energy level I). Both fluorine and lithium are highly reactive elements because of their number of valence electrons. Fluorine will readily gain one electron and lithium will just as readily give up one electron to become more stable. In fact, lithium and fluorine will react together as shown in the Figure 1.4. When the two elements react, lithium transfers its one extra electron to fluorine. Q: A neon atom has ten electrons. How many electrons does it have in its outermost energy level? How stable do you think a neon atom is? A: A neon atom has two electrons in energy level I and its remaining eight electrons in energy level II, which can [SEP] Both fluorine and lithium are highly reactive elements
Magnetism is the ability of a material to be attracted by a magnet and to act as a magnet. Magnetism is due to the movement of electrons within atoms of matter. When electrons spin around the nucleus of an atom, it causes the atom to become a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. In most materials, the north and south poles of atoms point in all different directions, so overall the material is not magnetic. Examples of nonmagnetic materials include wood, glass, plastic, paper, copper, and aluminum. These materials are not attracted to magnets and cannot become magnets. In other materials, there are regions where the north and south poles of atoms are all lined up in the same direction. These regions are called magnetic domains. Generally, the magnetic domains point in different directions, so the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized (made into a magnet) by placing it in a magnetic field. When this happens, all the magnetic domains line up, and the material becomes a magnet. You can see this in the Figure 1.1. Materials that can be magnitized are called ferromagnetic materials. They include iron, cobalt, and nickel. [SEP] the movement of electrons within atoms of matter
Magnetism is the ability of a material to be attracted by a magnet and to act as a magnet. Magnetism is due to the movement of electrons within atoms of matter. When electrons spin around the nucleus of an atom, it causes the atom to become a tiny magnet, with north and south poles and a magnetic field. In most materials, the north and south poles of atoms point in all different directions, so overall the material is not magnetic. Examples of nonmagnetic materials include wood, glass, plastic, paper, copper, and aluminum. These materials are not attracted to magnets and cannot become magnets. In other materials, there are regions where the north and south poles of atoms are all lined up in the same direction. These regions are called magnetic domains. Generally, the magnetic domains point in different directions, so the material is still not magnetic. However, the material can be magnetized (made into a magnet) by placing it in a magnetic field. When this happens, all the magnetic domains line up, and the material becomes a magnet. You can see this in the Figure 1.1. Materials that can be magnitized are called ferromagnetic materials. They include iron, cobalt, and nickel. [SEP] Magnetism is
The different forms of energy are defined and illustrated below. 1. Mechanical energy is the energy of movement. It is found in objects that are moving or have the potential to move. 2. Chemical energy is energy that is stored in the bonds between the atoms of compounds. If the bonds are broken, the energy is released and can be converted to other forms of energy. This portable guitar amplifier can run on batteries. Batteries store chemical energy and change it to electrical energy. 3. Electrical energy is the energy of moving electrons. Electrons flow through wires to create electric current. 4. Electromagnetic energy is energy that travels through space as electrical and magnetic waves. The light flooding the stage in the Figure 1.3 is one type of electromagnetic energy. Other types include radio waves, microwaves, X rays, and gamma rays. 5. Thermal energy is the energy of moving atoms of matter. All matter has thermal energy because atoms of all matter are constantly moving. An object with more mass has greater thermal energy than an object with less mass because it has more atoms. Why is this jogger sweating so much? His sweat is soaking up his shirt because he has so much thermal energy. Jogging is hot work because of the heat from the sun and the hard work he puts into his run. 6. Sound energy is a form of mechanical energy that starts with a vibration in matter. For example, the singers voice 7. Nuclear energy is energy that is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that hold the nucleus together. The energy can be released in nuclear power plants by splitting nuclei apart. It is also released when unstable (radioactive) nuclei break down, or decay. Q: The fans at a rock concert also produce or use several forms of energy. What are they? A: The fans see the concert because of electromagnetic energy (light) that enters their eyes from the well-lit musicians on stage. They hear the music because of the sound energy that reaches their ears from the amplifiers. They use mechanical energy when they clap their hands and jump from their seats in excitement. Their bodies generate thermal energy, using the chemical energy stored in food they have eaten. [SEP] the heat from the sun and the hard work he puts into his run
The different forms of energy are defined and illustrated below. 1. Mechanical energy is the energy of movement. It is found in objects that are moving or have the potential to move. 2. Chemical energy is energy that is stored in the bonds between the atoms of compounds. If the bonds are broken, the energy is released and can be converted to other forms of energy. This portable guitar amplifier can run on batteries. Batteries store chemical energy and change it to electrical energy. 3. Electrical energy is the energy of moving electrons. Electrons flow through wires to create electric current. 4. Electromagnetic energy is energy that travels through space as electrical and magnetic waves. The light flooding the stage in the Figure 1.3 is one type of electromagnetic energy. Other types include radio waves, microwaves, X rays, and gamma rays. 5. Thermal energy is the energy of moving atoms of matter. All matter has thermal energy because atoms of all matter are constantly moving. An object with more mass has greater thermal energy than an object with less mass because it has more atoms. Why is this jogger sweating so much? His sweat is soaking up his shirt because he has so much thermal energy. Jogging is hot work because of the heat from the sun and the hard work he puts into his run. 6. Sound energy is a form of mechanical energy that starts with a vibration in matter. For example, the singers voice 7. Nuclear energy is energy that is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that hold the nucleus together. The energy can be released in nuclear power plants by splitting nuclei apart. It is also released when unstable (radioactive) nuclei break down, or decay. Q: The fans at a rock concert also produce or use several forms of energy. What are they? A: The fans see the concert because of electromagnetic energy (light) that enters their eyes from the well-lit musicians on stage. They hear the music because of the sound energy that reaches their ears from the amplifiers. They use mechanical energy when they clap their hands and jump from their seats in excitement. Their bodies generate thermal energy, using the chemical energy stored in food they have eaten. [SEP] Jogging is hot work
Weight measures the force of gravity pulling downward on an object. The SI unit for weight, like other forces, is the Newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 Newtons because of the pull of Earths gravity. On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. Weight is measured with a scale, like the spring scale shown in the Figure 1.1. The scale measures the force with which gravity pulls an object downward. To delve a little deeper into weight and gravity, watch this video: Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] the pull of Earths gravity
Weight measures the force of gravity pulling downward on an object. The SI unit for weight, like other forces, is the Newton (N). On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 Newtons because of the pull of Earths gravity. On the moon, which has less gravity, the same mass would weigh less. Weight is measured with a scale, like the spring scale shown in the Figure 1.1. The scale measures the force with which gravity pulls an object downward. To delve a little deeper into weight and gravity, watch this video: Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] On Earth, a mass of 1 kilogram has a weight of about 10 Newtons
The cookie sheet in the opening image transfers thermal energy to the cookies and helps them bake. There are many other common examples of conduction. The Figure 1.1 shows a few situations in which thermal energy is transferred in this way. Q: How is thermal energy transferred in each of the situations pictured in the Figure 1.1? A: Thermal energy is transferred by conduction from the hot iron to the shirt, from the hot cup to the hand holding it, from the flame of the camp stove to the bottom of the pot as well as from the bottom of the pot to the food inside, and from the feet to the snow. The shirt, hand, pot, food, and snow become warmer because of the transferred energy. Because the feet lose thermal energy, they feel colder. [SEP] the transferred energy
The cookie sheet in the opening image transfers thermal energy to the cookies and helps them bake. There are many other common examples of conduction. The Figure 1.1 shows a few situations in which thermal energy is transferred in this way. Q: How is thermal energy transferred in each of the situations pictured in the Figure 1.1? A: Thermal energy is transferred by conduction from the hot iron to the shirt, from the hot cup to the hand holding it, from the flame of the camp stove to the bottom of the pot as well as from the bottom of the pot to the food inside, and from the feet to the snow. The shirt, hand, pot, food, and snow become warmer because of the transferred energy. Because the feet lose thermal energy, they feel colder. [SEP] The shirt, hand, pot, food, and snow become warmer
Inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its motion. All objects have inertia, whether they are stationary or moving. Inertia explains Newtons first law of motion, which states that an object at rest will remain at rest and an object in motion will stay in motion unless it is acted on by an unbalanced force. Thats why Newtons first law of motion is sometimes called the law of inertia. Q: You probably dont realize it, but you experience inertia all the time, and you dont have to ride a skateboard. For example, think about what happens when you are riding in a car that stops suddenly. Your body moves forward on the seat and strains against the seat belt. Why does this happen? A: The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward because of inertia. [SEP] inertia
Inertia is the tendency of an object to resist a change in its motion. All objects have inertia, whether they are stationary or moving. Inertia explains Newtons first law of motion, which states that an object at rest will remain at rest and an object in motion will stay in motion unless it is acted on by an unbalanced force. Thats why Newtons first law of motion is sometimes called the law of inertia. Q: You probably dont realize it, but you experience inertia all the time, and you dont have to ride a skateboard. For example, think about what happens when you are riding in a car that stops suddenly. Your body moves forward on the seat and strains against the seat belt. Why does this happen? A: The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward because of inertia. [SEP] A: The brakes stop the car but not your body, so your body keeps moving forward
The waves in the picture above are examples of mechanical waves. A mechanical wave is a disturbance in matter that transfers energy through the matter. A mechanical wave starts when matter is disturbed. A source of energy is needed to disturb matter and start a mechanical wave. Q: Where does the energy come from in the water wave pictured above? A: The energy comes from the falling droplets of water, which have kinetic energy because of their motion. [SEP] their motion
The waves in the picture above are examples of mechanical waves. A mechanical wave is a disturbance in matter that transfers energy through the matter. A mechanical wave starts when matter is disturbed. A source of energy is needed to disturb matter and start a mechanical wave. Q: Where does the energy come from in the water wave pictured above? A: The energy comes from the falling droplets of water, which have kinetic energy because of their motion. [SEP] A: The energy comes from the falling droplets of water, which have kinetic energy
You can see how Mendeleev organized the elements in the Figure 1.2. From left to right across each row, elements are arranged by increasing atomic mass. Mendeleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. He called the columns groups. They are sometimes called families, because elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another, like people in a family. Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table because of its repeating pattern. Anything that keeps repeating is referred to as periodic. Other examples of things that are periodic include the monthly phases of the moon and the daily cycle of night and day. The term period refers to the interval between repetitions. For example, the moons phases repeat every four weeks. In a periodic table of the elements, the periods are the rows of the table. In Mendeleevs table, each period contains eight elements, and then the pattern repeats in the next row. [SEP] its repeating pattern
You can see how Mendeleev organized the elements in the Figure 1.2. From left to right across each row, elements are arranged by increasing atomic mass. Mendeleev discovered that if he placed eight elements in each row and then continued on to the next row, the columns of the table would contain elements with similar properties. He called the columns groups. They are sometimes called families, because elements within a group are similar but not identical to one another, like people in a family. Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table because of its repeating pattern. Anything that keeps repeating is referred to as periodic. Other examples of things that are periodic include the monthly phases of the moon and the daily cycle of night and day. The term period refers to the interval between repetitions. For example, the moons phases repeat every four weeks. In a periodic table of the elements, the periods are the rows of the table. In Mendeleevs table, each period contains eight elements, and then the pattern repeats in the next row. [SEP] Mendeleevs table of the elements is called a periodic table
Earth and many other bodiesincluding asteroids, comets, and the other planetsmove around the sun in curved paths called orbits. Generally, the orbits are elliptical, or oval, in shape. You can see the shape of Earths orbit in the Figure 1.1. Because of the suns relatively strong gravity, Earth and the other bodies constantly fall toward the sun, but they stay far enough away from the sun because of their forward velocity to fall around the sun instead of into it. As a result, they keep orbiting the sun and never crash to its surface. The motion of Earth and the other bodies around the sun is called orbital motion. Orbital motion occurs whenever an object is moving forward and at the same time is pulled by gravity toward another object. [SEP] their forward velocity to fall around the sun instead of into it
Earth and many other bodiesincluding asteroids, comets, and the other planetsmove around the sun in curved paths called orbits. Generally, the orbits are elliptical, or oval, in shape. You can see the shape of Earths orbit in the Figure 1.1. Because of the suns relatively strong gravity, Earth and the other bodies constantly fall toward the sun, but they stay far enough away from the sun because of their forward velocity to fall around the sun instead of into it. As a result, they keep orbiting the sun and never crash to its surface. The motion of Earth and the other bodies around the sun is called orbital motion. Orbital motion occurs whenever an object is moving forward and at the same time is pulled by gravity toward another object. [SEP] Because of the suns relatively strong gravity, Earth and the other bodies constantly fall toward the sun, but they stay far enough away from the sun
Just as Earth orbits the sun, the moon also orbits Earth. The moon is affected by Earths gravity more than it is by the gravity of the sun because the moon is much closer to Earth. The gravity between Earth and the moon pulls the moon toward Earth. At the same time, the moon has forward velocity that partly counters the force of Earths gravity. So the moon orbits Earth instead of falling down to the surface of the planet. The Figure 1.2 shows the forces involved in the moons orbital motion around Earth. In the diagram, v represents the forward velocity of the moon, and a represents the acceleration due to gravity between Earth and the moon. The line encircling Earth shows the moons actual orbit, which results from the combination of v and a. [SEP] gravity between Earth and the moon
Just as Earth orbits the sun, the moon also orbits Earth. The moon is affected by Earths gravity more than it is by the gravity of the sun because the moon is much closer to Earth. The gravity between Earth and the moon pulls the moon toward Earth. At the same time, the moon has forward velocity that partly counters the force of Earths gravity. So the moon orbits Earth instead of falling down to the surface of the planet. The Figure 1.2 shows the forces involved in the moons orbital motion around Earth. In the diagram, v represents the forward velocity of the moon, and a represents the acceleration due to gravity between Earth and the moon. The line encircling Earth shows the moons actual orbit, which results from the combination of v and a. [SEP] In the diagram, v represents the forward velocity of the moon, and a represents the acceleration
The diver has energy because of her position high above the pool. The type of energy she has is called potential energy. Potential energy is energy that is stored in a person or object. Often, the person or object has potential energy because of its position or shape. Q: What is it about the divers position that gives her potential energy? A: Because the diver is high above the water, she has the potential to fall toward Earth because of gravity. This gives her potential energy. [SEP] her position high above the pool
The diver has energy because of her position high above the pool. The type of energy she has is called potential energy. Potential energy is energy that is stored in a person or object. Often, the person or object has potential energy because of its position or shape. Q: What is it about the divers position that gives her potential energy? A: Because the diver is high above the water, she has the potential to fall toward Earth because of gravity. This gives her potential energy. [SEP] The diver has energy
Potential energy due to the position of an object above Earths surface is called gravitational potential energy. Like the diver on the diving board, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. You can see another example of people with gravitational potential energy in the Figure 1.1. Gravitational potential energy depends on an objects weight and its height above the ground. It can be calculated with the equation: Gravitational potential energy (GPE) = weight  height Consider the little girl on the sled, pictured in the Figure 1.1. She weighs 140 Newtons, and the top of the hill is 4 meters higher than the bottom of the hill. As she sits at the top of the hill, the childs gravitational potential energy is: GPE = 140 N  4 m = 560 N  m Notice that the answer is given in Newton  meters (N  m), which is the SI unit for energy. A Newton  meter is the energy needed to move a weight of 1 Newton over a distance of 1 meter. A Newton  meter is also called a joule (J). Q: The gymnast on the balance beam pictured in the Figure 1.1 weighs 360 Newtons. If the balance beam is 1.2 meters above the ground, what is the gymnasts gravitational potential energy? A: Her gravitational potential energy is: GPE = 360 N  1.2 m = 432 N  m, or 432 J [SEP] gravity
Potential energy due to the position of an object above Earths surface is called gravitational potential energy. Like the diver on the diving board, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall because of gravity. You can see another example of people with gravitational potential energy in the Figure 1.1. Gravitational potential energy depends on an objects weight and its height above the ground. It can be calculated with the equation: Gravitational potential energy (GPE) = weight  height Consider the little girl on the sled, pictured in the Figure 1.1. She weighs 140 Newtons, and the top of the hill is 4 meters higher than the bottom of the hill. As she sits at the top of the hill, the childs gravitational potential energy is: GPE = 140 N  4 m = 560 N  m Notice that the answer is given in Newton  meters (N  m), which is the SI unit for energy. A Newton  meter is the energy needed to move a weight of 1 Newton over a distance of 1 meter. A Newton  meter is also called a joule (J). Q: The gymnast on the balance beam pictured in the Figure 1.1 weighs 360 Newtons. If the balance beam is 1.2 meters above the ground, what is the gymnasts gravitational potential energy? A: Her gravitational potential energy is: GPE = 360 N  1.2 m = 432 N  m, or 432 J [SEP] Like the diver on the diving board, anything that is raised up above Earths surface has the potential to fall
Potential energy due to an objects shape is called elastic potential energy. This energy results when an elastic object is stretched or compressed. The farther the object is stretched or compressed, the greater its potential energy is. A point will be reached when the object cant be stretched or compressed any more. Then it will forcefully return to its original shape. Look at the pogo stick in the Figure 1.2. Its spring has elastic potential energy when it is pressed down by the boys weight. When it cant be compressed any more, it will spring back to its original shape. The energy it releases will push the pogo stickand the boyoff the ground. Q: The girl in the Figure 1.3 is giving the elastic band of her slingshot potential energy by stretching it. Shes holding a small stone against the stretched band. What will happen when she releases the band? A: The elastic band will spring back to its original shape. When that happens, watch out! Some of the bands elastic potential energy will be transferred to the stone, which will go flying through the air. [SEP] an objects shape is called elastic potential energy
Potential energy due to an objects shape is called elastic potential energy. This energy results when an elastic object is stretched or compressed. The farther the object is stretched or compressed, the greater its potential energy is. A point will be reached when the object cant be stretched or compressed any more. Then it will forcefully return to its original shape. Look at the pogo stick in the Figure 1.2. Its spring has elastic potential energy when it is pressed down by the boys weight. When it cant be compressed any more, it will spring back to its original shape. The energy it releases will push the pogo stickand the boyoff the ground. Q: The girl in the Figure 1.3 is giving the elastic band of her slingshot potential energy by stretching it. Shes holding a small stone against the stretched band. What will happen when she releases the band? A: The elastic band will spring back to its original shape. When that happens, watch out! Some of the bands elastic potential energy will be transferred to the stone, which will go flying through the air. [SEP] Potential energy
All of the examples of potential energy described above involve movement or the potential to move. The form of energy that involves movement is called mechanical energy. Other forms of energy also involve potential energy, including chemical energy and nuclear energy. Chemical energy is stored in the bonds between the atoms of compounds. For example, food and batteries both contain chemical energy. Nuclear energy is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that hold the nucleus together. Nuclei of radioactive elements such as uranium are unstable, so they break apart and release the stored energy. [SEP] the strong forces that hold the nucleus together
All of the examples of potential energy described above involve movement or the potential to move. The form of energy that involves movement is called mechanical energy. Other forms of energy also involve potential energy, including chemical energy and nuclear energy. Chemical energy is stored in the bonds between the atoms of compounds. For example, food and batteries both contain chemical energy. Nuclear energy is stored in the nuclei of atoms because of the strong forces that hold the nucleus together. Nuclei of radioactive elements such as uranium are unstable, so they break apart and release the stored energy. [SEP] Nuclear energy is stored in the nuclei of atoms
Most of the visible light on Earth comes from the sun. The sun and other stars produce light because they are so hot. They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures. This way of producing light is called incandescence. Incandescent light bulbs also produce light in this way. When electric current passes through a wire filament inside an incandescent bulb, the wire gets so hot that it glows. Do you see the glowing filament inside the incandescent light bulb in the Figure 1.1? Q: What are some other sources of incandescent light? A: Flames also produce incandescent light. For example, burning candles, oil lamps, and bonfires produce light in this way. [SEP] their extremely high temperatures
Most of the visible light on Earth comes from the sun. The sun and other stars produce light because they are so hot. They glow with light due to their extremely high temperatures. This way of producing light is called incandescence. Incandescent light bulbs also produce light in this way. When electric current passes through a wire filament inside an incandescent bulb, the wire gets so hot that it glows. Do you see the glowing filament inside the incandescent light bulb in the Figure 1.1? Q: What are some other sources of incandescent light? A: Flames also produce incandescent light. For example, burning candles, oil lamps, and bonfires produce light in this way. [SEP] They glow with light
Some objects produce light without becoming very hot. They generate light through chemical reactions or other processes. Producing light without heat is called luminescence. Luminescence, in turn, can occur in several different ways: One type of luminescence is called fluorescence. In this process, a substance absorbs shorter-wavelength ultraviolet light and then gives off light in the visible range of wavelengths. Certain minerals produce light in this way, including gemstones such as amethyst, diamond, and emerald. Another type of luminescence is called electroluminescence. In this process, a substance gives off light when an electric current passes through it. Gases such as neon, argon, and krypton produce light by this means. The car dash lights in the Figure 1.2 are produced by electroluminescence. A third type of luminescence is called bioluminescence. This is the production of light by living things as a result of chemical reactions. The jellyfish in the opening photo above produces light by bioluminescence. So does the firefly in the Figure 1.3. Fireflies give off visible light to attract mates. [SEP] chemical reactions
Some objects produce light without becoming very hot. They generate light through chemical reactions or other processes. Producing light without heat is called luminescence. Luminescence, in turn, can occur in several different ways: One type of luminescence is called fluorescence. In this process, a substance absorbs shorter-wavelength ultraviolet light and then gives off light in the visible range of wavelengths. Certain minerals produce light in this way, including gemstones such as amethyst, diamond, and emerald. Another type of luminescence is called electroluminescence. In this process, a substance gives off light when an electric current passes through it. Gases such as neon, argon, and krypton produce light by this means. The car dash lights in the Figure 1.2 are produced by electroluminescence. A third type of luminescence is called bioluminescence. This is the production of light by living things as a result of chemical reactions. The jellyfish in the opening photo above produces light by bioluminescence. So does the firefly in the Figure 1.3. Fireflies give off visible light to attract mates. [SEP] This is the production of light by living things
Another example of static discharge, but on a much larger scale, is lightning. You can see how it occurs in the following diagram (Figure 1.1). During a rainstorm, clouds develop regions of positive and negative charge due to the movement of air molecules, water drops, and ice particles. The negative charges are concentrated at the base of the clouds, and the positive charges are concentrated at the top. The negative charges repel electrons on the ground beneath them, so the ground below the clouds becomes positively charged. At first, the atmosphere prevents electrons from flowing away from areas of negative charge and toward areas of positive charge. As more charges build up, however, the air between the oppositely charged areas also becomes charged. When this happens, static electricity is discharged as bolts of lightning. [SEP] the movement of air molecules, water drops, and ice particles
Another example of static discharge, but on a much larger scale, is lightning. You can see how it occurs in the following diagram (Figure 1.1). During a rainstorm, clouds develop regions of positive and negative charge due to the movement of air molecules, water drops, and ice particles. The negative charges are concentrated at the base of the clouds, and the positive charges are concentrated at the top. The negative charges repel electrons on the ground beneath them, so the ground below the clouds becomes positively charged. At first, the atmosphere prevents electrons from flowing away from areas of negative charge and toward areas of positive charge. As more charges build up, however, the air between the oppositely charged areas also becomes charged. When this happens, static electricity is discharged as bolts of lightning. [SEP] During a rainstorm, clouds develop regions of positive and negative charge
You might be surprised to learn that everything radiates thermal energy, not just really hot things such as the sun or a fire. For example, when its cold outside, a heated home radiates some of its thermal energy into the outdoor environment. A home that is poorly insulated radiates more energy than a home that is well insulated. Special cameras can be used to detect radiated heat. In the Figure 1.2, you can see an image created by one of these cameras. The areas that are yellow are the areas where the greatest amount of thermal energy is radiating from the home. Even people radiate thermal energy. In fact, when a room is full of people, it may feel noticeably warmer because of all the thermal energy the people radiate! Q: Where is thermal radiation radiating from the home in the picture? A: The greatest amount of thermal energy is radiating from the window on the upper left. A lot of thermal energy is also radiating from the edges of the windows and door. [SEP] all the thermal energy the people radiate
You might be surprised to learn that everything radiates thermal energy, not just really hot things such as the sun or a fire. For example, when its cold outside, a heated home radiates some of its thermal energy into the outdoor environment. A home that is poorly insulated radiates more energy than a home that is well insulated. Special cameras can be used to detect radiated heat. In the Figure 1.2, you can see an image created by one of these cameras. The areas that are yellow are the areas where the greatest amount of thermal energy is radiating from the home. Even people radiate thermal energy. In fact, when a room is full of people, it may feel noticeably warmer because of all the thermal energy the people radiate! Q: Where is thermal radiation radiating from the home in the picture? A: The greatest amount of thermal energy is radiating from the window on the upper left. A lot of thermal energy is also radiating from the edges of the windows and door. [SEP] In fact, when a room is full of people, it may feel noticeably warmer
Assume that you have walked across a wool carpet in rubber-soled shoes and become negatively charged. If you then reach out to touch a metal doorknob, electrons in the neutral metal will be repelled and move away from your hand before you even touch the knob. In this way, one end of the doorknob becomes positively charged and the other end becomes negatively charged. This is called polarization. Polarization occurs whenever electrons within a neutral object move because of the electric field of a nearby charged object. It occurs without direct contact between the two objects. The Figure 1.2 models how polarization occurs. Q: What happens when the negatively charged plastic rod in the diagram is placed close to the neutral metal plate? A: Electrons in the plate are repelled by the positive charges in the rod. The electrons move away from the rod, causing one side of the plate to become positively charged and the other side to become negatively charged. [SEP] the electric field of a nearby charged object
Assume that you have walked across a wool carpet in rubber-soled shoes and become negatively charged. If you then reach out to touch a metal doorknob, electrons in the neutral metal will be repelled and move away from your hand before you even touch the knob. In this way, one end of the doorknob becomes positively charged and the other end becomes negatively charged. This is called polarization. Polarization occurs whenever electrons within a neutral object move because of the electric field of a nearby charged object. It occurs without direct contact between the two objects. The Figure 1.2 models how polarization occurs. Q: What happens when the negatively charged plastic rod in the diagram is placed close to the neutral metal plate? A: Electrons in the plate are repelled by the positive charges in the rod. The electrons move away from the rod, causing one side of the plate to become positively charged and the other side to become negatively charged. [SEP] Polarization occurs whenever electrons within a neutral object move
Many people have problems with their vision, or ability to see. Often, the problem is due to the shape of the eyes and how they focus light. Two of the most common vision problems are nearsightedness and farsightedness, which you can read about below. You may even have one of these vision problems yourself. Usually, the problems can be corrected with contact lenses or lenses in eyeglasses. In many people, they can also be corrected with laser surgery, which reshapes the outer layer of the eye. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] the shape of the eyes and how they focus light
Many people have problems with their vision, or ability to see. Often, the problem is due to the shape of the eyes and how they focus light. Two of the most common vision problems are nearsightedness and farsightedness, which you can read about below. You may even have one of these vision problems yourself. Usually, the problems can be corrected with contact lenses or lenses in eyeglasses. In many people, they can also be corrected with laser surgery, which reshapes the outer layer of the eye. Click image to the left or use the URL below. URL: [SEP] Often, the problem is
Waves may reflect off an obstacle that they are unable to pass through. When waves are reflected straight back from an obstacle, the reflected waves interfere with the original waves and create standing waves. These are waves that appear to be standing still. Standing waves occur because of a combination of constructive and destructive interference. Q: How could you use a rope to produce standing waves? A: You could tie one end of the rope to a fixed object, such as doorknob, and move the other end up and down to generate waves in the rope. When the waves reach the fixed object, they are reflected back. The original waves and the reflected waves interfere to produce a standing wave. Try it yourself and see if the waves appear to stand still. [SEP] a combination of constructive and destructive interference
Waves may reflect off an obstacle that they are unable to pass through. When waves are reflected straight back from an obstacle, the reflected waves interfere with the original waves and create standing waves. These are waves that appear to be standing still. Standing waves occur because of a combination of constructive and destructive interference. Q: How could you use a rope to produce standing waves? A: You could tie one end of the rope to a fixed object, such as doorknob, and move the other end up and down to generate waves in the rope. When the waves reach the fixed object, they are reflected back. The original waves and the reflected waves interfere to produce a standing wave. Try it yourself and see if the waves appear to stand still. [SEP] Standing waves occur
A wedge is simple machine that consists of two inclined planes, giving it a thin end and thick end, as you can see in the Figure 1.1. A wedge is used to cut or split apart objects. Force is applied to the thick end of the wedge, and the wedge, in turn, applies force to the object along both of its sloping sides. This force causes the object to split apart. A knife is another example of a wedge. In the Figure 1.2, a knife is being used to chop tough pecans. The job is easy to do with the knife because of the wedge shape of the blade. The very thin edge of the blade easily enters and cuts through the pecans. [SEP] the wedge shape of the blade
A wedge is simple machine that consists of two inclined planes, giving it a thin end and thick end, as you can see in the Figure 1.1. A wedge is used to cut or split apart objects. Force is applied to the thick end of the wedge, and the wedge, in turn, applies force to the object along both of its sloping sides. This force causes the object to split apart. A knife is another example of a wedge. In the Figure 1.2, a knife is being used to chop tough pecans. The job is easy to do with the knife because of the wedge shape of the blade. The very thin edge of the blade easily enters and cuts through the pecans. [SEP] The job is easy to do with the knife