Why does race undermine social cohesion in America?
What happens when the site attachment is made?
What happens to software after a major change in code that leads to regression??
What happens when a childs food is restricted?
Why are 99% of pesticide related deaths in underdeveloped countries?
Why is depicting God forbidden in the Islamic world?
Why has MTP become the primary storage access protocol of the Android operating system?
Why did Libyan Arab Airlines Flight 114 accidentally fly into Israel's airspace?
Why can Bermudian blacks trace their ancestry back over centuries in Bermuda?
Why did Chrysler discontinue use of the Hifi 16 2/3 rpm record?
Why did Ashikaga let his wife take over?
Why did Venezuelans come to America?
Why was the handle considered a "dead man switch"?
Why did the Atlantic City Redevelopment Authority partner with Steve Wynn?
Why must High-power LEDs be mounted on a heat sink?
What is the result of bacterial adaptation of E.coli bacteria host and plasmid of another bacteria?
Why is green the color of the environmental movement?
What happened to the nationalists and Marxists that had helped the Islamic ruling government to depose the Shah?
What caused Steve Jobs to resign from Apple in 1985?
Why did SIgmund believe all humans are born bisexual?
What is the purpose of the University of Washington Outreach?
Why did John Quinton and Peter Leaver resign as chairman and chief excutive?
Why did Whitehead view the existence of God as a necessity for his metaphysical system?
What happened just after the attack on Peal Harbor?
Why was a garrison implented in Italy by the Romans?
What happened to the monarchists and and journalists?
Why did the functions of police grow beyond law enforcement to urban planning?
What was the result of the Hungarian nobility's refusal to accept Sigismund claim as Louis' heir?
Why did Peel resign his comission?
Why did the US not send in ground troops after the United Nations approved the use of force?
What causes flooding, property damage, and loss of life?
WHat happened to the kings right to raise taxes?
Why do the constraints of constructing a flight deck affect the role of a carrier?
Why did Maclean shoot at Victoria?
What happened to the reward the BBC received?
Why were carrier-launched aircraft more effective than naval guns?
What caused the spread of secularism?
Why did members of the clergy oppose the use of chloroform for childbirth?
What caused the Romans early withdrawl in The First Samnite War?
Why did the need for Bermuda's salt diminish?
Why did e Melo demarcate the region for production of Port?
Why did Stein win a Pulitzer?
What caused most of the missionaries to leave the country?
Why did Governor Keith Miller propose the Alaska Permanent Fund before the Prudhoe Bay sale?
Why was John motivated?
What happened when Kexi, and the two other generals all retired?
Why were travelers often robbed under Fujiwara rule?
Why were laws like the one drop rule enacted?
Why did post-punk fall out of love with punk?
What happened with the Devensian glaciation ended?
What happened when Jan Zamoyski died?
Why did God want to act through Afonso?
What caused technological and economical progress?
Why has the supposed size of the 'South Bronx' grown?
Why did the Chinese goverment denounce the accord?
Why did most countries need a adapted version of ASCII?
Why is Captain Fritz Joubert Duquesne famous?
What happens during a pin attempt?
Why was this a unique decision?
What happened to those Jews who remained?
Why did James T. Costa think the larger, abandoned book would not have been as successful?
Why could the Tories and the Opposition Whigs never form a single party?
What happened to the population by the year 1880?
Why does the mRNA match the sequence of the gene's DNA coding strand?
Why did the seismic waves travel so far?
Why did different sects come about within Shiism?
What happened as a result of Maximilian's death?
Why are alloys used to make stamping dies rather than metal?
Why do police use radios?
Why did nuclear arms negotiations with Russia fail prior to 1955?
Why was Gaddafi made fun of in elementary school?
What happened to the usage of financial innovation products in the years leading up the financial crisis?
Why did Soviets create fake elections in Poland?
Why did humans feel that addtional breeding tatics were necessary in poulty? 
What happened to Tom at one of the 1567 that changed his title ?
What happened to Louis Philippe after the revolution in France? 
Why do the cellular hosts of some viruses not have to wait for transcription to synthesize their proteins?
Why is transnational policing so unaccountable?
Why did the Nicaraguans come to America?
Why are many BYU athletes older than other schools' players?
Why are LEDs preferred for machine vision systems?
What was the purpose of SEATO?
Why is it necessary for smaller animals to have an insulative covering?
What happens if the mode is activated on the fire-recall floor?
What was the result of the election of two popes at the same time?
What is the purpose of tax shifting?
What happens to the current when a battery has been attached to a capacitor for an adequate amount of time?
Why were Europe's Empires and Kingdoms dispatched?
What was the purpose of the dual carriageway?
Why would a knuckle -space count be used to determine months?
Why was Crystal Bowersox in the hospital during the week of the top 20 on American Idol?
What happens when a country bans a movie?
Why did Frederick reduce his manpower at Prague?
Why was zinc being used in the 1930's?
What caused the delay in the effort?
What happens when a wrestler has a fall against them?
What happens when sunlight shines on a solar balloon?
Why is peering used? 
Why causes antioxidant strength to be higher in purple grapes?
What caused the Russians based in Memel to be successful deeper into Prussia?
Why helps add an extra bounce to the floor?
Why was Dinuzulu kaCetshwayo imprisoned on the island?
Why would ingesting untreated cassava be a bad idea?
What causes the assumption of constant capacitance to fail even if the effect is linear in nature?
Why is it used as a coolant?
Why was green chosen for a number of new European political parties in the 1980s?
Why were game animals introduced by acclimatisation societies?
Why didn't Bermuda produce metal ships?
What caused the HMS Jasper to get stuck in shallow water?
Why are different materials used in a lab than are used in factory production?
Why do incandescent lights have superior color rendering?
What is the purpose of the critical apparatus?
Why was Nintendo accused of antitrust behavior?
What caused Oklahoma's temperature to plummet 66 degrees on Nov 11, 1911?
What happens with inflammatory diarrhea?
What happened to urban R&B in the early 1990s?
Why couldn't each moment of each person's life be given a different proper name?
Why would France want to invade Hanover?
What was the result of the weakening of both Prussia and Austria?
Why did Japan attack America?
What causes diarrhea?
What happens with President's Rule?
Why are some parts of the body covered?
Why did the Radicals and Tories oppose the bill about the constitution of Jamaica?
What is the purpose of an NPO?
Why did construction of Eton Mission cease in 1971?
What caused child labour to decrease in Vietnam?
Why had German raids decreased between 1916-1918?
What happened to the Curonians who lived in the area in East Prussia?
What happens if a plant looses roots or its shoots?
Why was the book taken seriously even though much of the response was hostile?
Why are specific seasons for bow hunting established?
Why does the Geul River contain heavy metals in a significant amount?
What happened in the European Union in 1996?
What happened to Swazi exports of textiles from 2000 to 2005?
Why was Liberia's GDP growth stalled in 2007?
What happens to precipitation hardening alloys after they quenched?
Why did Robert Osborne stop presenting films on TCM for several months?
Why was The Yale Report established?
Why does translation cause such issues among different cultures?
Why did Denmark-Norway remain neutral rather than assisting its longtime ally, Britain?
Why did Spielberg make a movie instead of taking still photos for the photography merit badge?
Why did the Spanish colonies lag behind in adopting the calendar?
Why did some argue that "black" was the better term?
Why did New York State ban unmarked cars for traffic cops?
Why did the United States form independent states?
Why have some species spread naturally far beyond their original ranges?
Why do males that engage in extra-pair copulation closely guard their mates?
What happened to the political prisoner being held in Burma ?
Why did Moscow begin to repress the Ukrainian language?
Why does inert gas reduce efficiency?
What caused the wide sex ratio gap in Thuringia?
Why will water become concave, according to the relativity theory?
Why have DDTs been banned in some areas?
Why did President Levin believe there were so many Yale alumni presidential candidates?
Why is the name the British Isles disputed in Ireland?
What caused Notre Dame to become notable in the early 20th century?
Why would some SNESes be only partly yellow?
Why is the F-5 mandolin more expensive?
Why was a gap left at the mouth of Leyden jars?
What happens to grain when it is soaked in water?
What happens to blank data fields in a navigational system?
What was the result of the Ostsiedlung movement?
What caused Myanmar to receive a rating of 6?
Why is it important to have a high Fair Play ranking?
Why did weeds grow with human crops?
What causes osmotic diarrhea?
Why was the reversing loop created?
Why was it easy for people to believe that cotton grew on sheep that grew in plants?
Why did propsals about making the European sovereign debt assets more like the US Treasury?
Why was the ability to play DVD-Video taken off of Windows Media Player?
Why was that type of cross important?
What caused Hayek to turn away from Wiser's ideology?
Why was a platform used?
What happened when Eisenhower was threatened with a court martial for his support for offensive tank tactics?
Why did publisher change the cover picture on Feynman's book?
What was the effect of the Rotavirus vaccine?
What happened to the assets of the British East India Company after it was removed from power?
Why did the art of the Ottoman empire develop the way it did?
What happens to most intermarried people in the orthodox community?
Why was Christ in majesty protected from the iconoclastic destruction?
Why did the stadium need to be redesigned in 1980?
What led to overpopulation in China?
Why do mountain and moorland breeders move only altitudinally?
What is the effect of a thicker filament on bulb temperature?
Why was a more general "religion" used in the language of the First Amendment?
Why the commuter lines built to different standards can cause be complicated?
Why was Iran included in the collection of regions? 
Why was Frederick able to retreat successfully?
Why did Chinese philosophy begin to mix with western concepts?
Why was Jones disqualified?
Why did Dorgon keep Beijing as his capital?
What was the result of the 1948 referendum?
What happened to many of the larger suburban mansions from the boom era?
Why are high-index glasses valued?
Why was the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company created?
What happens when a lot of repo notes come due?
Why was it unlikely that Eisenhower would run for president in 1956?
Why were these neighborhoods created?
Why was Professor David Graeber retired during the strike?
Why is this a bad practice?
Why was Keifer discredited/empty leader?
What led to the Code of Canons of the Eastern Churches?
Why does this difficulty occur?
What happens when a plant remains totipotent?
What led to exclusively female bodies of Freemasons in England?
Why did English Freemasonry almost come to a halt in 1799?
What happens if a Cardinal is named in pectore, and the pope dies?
Why didn't LaserDisk gain popularity in North America?
What happened to the men and women chosen to represent the Lord of Misrule?
Why did Raskin leave the Apple team in 1981?
Why are older neighborhoods in San Diego popular with cyclists?
Why did the economy begin to expand?
What causes the color of hematite and red ochre?
Why did the committee debate adding a shift function?
What happens when frequency decreases in the bass?
Why did Cubans come to the United States?
What happened in India during the Neolithic period?
Why are these records known as '78s'?
Why do humans hunt?
What caused Quaker and Methodist preachers to want to free slaves?
What happened that decimated a large portion of Ireland?
Why is the translation of sung texts more restrictive?
Why were different East Asian races divided in 1890 Census?
Why did the Somers Isles Company decide to surpress shipbuilding?
Why were foxes originally hunted?
Why aren't some sound clusters used in modern Czech?
Why is the measurement of electric current an issue in the estimate of the gyromagnetic ratio?
Why would Italian Americans want to get themselves designated as members of a preferred group?
What happens when an elevator goes into Phase one mode?
Why did the Russians strip their warships of their guns?
Why did the plane have to land twice before reaching Bermuda?
Why did China need to resettle people into Chongqing?
Why was Rome involved in matters in the Greek east?
Why was their use limited?
What happened after Henry Nelson Wieman gave a lecture about Whitehead?
What happens when a frame contains areas where nothing has moved?
Why is the ability to boot write-locked SD cards with a USB adapter advantageous for?
Why have ideographs been unable to be simplified like Hangul?
What happens if a population exceeds the carrying capacity of their habitat?
What happened after the roman catholic church regained power in Poland?
What happened to the 2005 deadlines?
Why was the rule of precedent allowed?
What caused Schwarzenegger's father Gustav's death?
What happened to Idris?
Why should the counsel received from the Governing Body be trusted?
Why did Chesapeake Bay colonists begin to buy slaves?
Why did many of the contestants draw the attention of the media?
What was the purpose of these fires?
Why were women slaves more popular?
What is the purpose of the BeiDou-1 system using stallites in geostationary orbit?
What happens if a Digimons data is completely destroyed?
Why has there been a several court cases against Sky and Premier League?
What causes warping in vinyl records?
What happened to the notabilities political position?
Why is the value of C0 unattainable in reality?
What was the result of early law on online liability?
What is the purpose of Kathmandu being divided into 35 wards?
Why were flights delayed and diverted?
What caused an increasingly literate population to develop in the Enlightenment era?
What happens when European Leagues sell their televsion rights individually?
What causes fermentation during the brewing process when making a beer?
What happens to the power that is not absorbed by the antenna?
Why was this work considered to be important?
What happened to Powers in the Soviet Union?
Why is proper nutrition important?
Why should trees not be planted on the side of a building facing the equator?
What happens between 275 and 650
Why didn't the Japanese launch their planned attack on September 22, 1945?
What led to an increase in the number of Somalis leaving the country?
What happened in Philadelphia in 1856?
What caused the automatic paper tape reader to start again?
Why did Caray often playfully quarrel with Stone?
Why was Nasser rejected from the Academy?
Why did Washington University delay occupying of the new campus buildings until 1905?
Why did the US use the CIA instead of the Air Force to run drones?
What happens with these soft feacal pellets?
Why did the one-party government struggle after the major earthquake in 1985?
Why are Serbian and Croatian often treated like distinct languages?
Why does the FBI operate LEGAT offices?
What causes sharp shadows around buildings? 
What happened after Kanye made his controversial statement?
What caused a need for more regulation?
Why is written musical notation effective? 
Why did Gaddafi's family have to leave Sabha?
Why was dBASE successful?
Why were sled-dogs used to deliver medicine to Nome in 1925?
Why were the English clubs banned from European competition in the 1980's?
What happened to Francis after his attempt to shoot Victoria?
What happened to the Western Alps during the Cenozoic Era
Why are certain larger transformations not permitted?
What happened at Verdingkinder auctions?
Why could one judge reject another judges opinion?
Why did the U.K and France get involved with the war against the Russia?
Why gram-negative cell bacteria is more toxic than gram-positive bacteria?
WHy did they decide not to fund abortion
What happens when there is a presence of fat in the small intestine?
Why couldn't Petrovich persuade Austria to invade Prussia?
What caused many intellectual Catholics to leave europe in the 1930s?
What was the result of the 2005 election?
Why did the Spanish think that Vicuña would be a suitable replacement for González-Páramo?
Why did Alsace decline has a prospering territory?
Why did Shell file lawsuits?
Why is finding the first exemplar important in textual criticism?
Why do males in polygynous species return before the females?
Why would an author utilize experimental narratives in literature?
What happened to some expressions in Pushkin's writing?
Why does a mass spectrometer need to be used with gauge to be accurate at high vacuum gas measurement?
Why were early multi-platform games considered superior on the 360?
What happened to Bishop leaders who did not agree with the doctrine?
What happens to members who disagree with the religion's teachings?
Why is Bermuda considered an offshore financial center?
Why use two consecutive year dates?
Why was Athanasius instructed to stop pretend baptising?
Why did universities have these gardens?
Why did Philip move south?
Why was South Korea important to the US?
Why type of conflict is sociocultural anthropology interested in?
What causes the ice to break and crack loudly?
Why is physical contact with a VHS tape less desirable than an optical reading?
What happened when a tag was made? 
What is the effect of pesticide drift?
Why was the electoral college introduced?
Why did the Germans distrust the soviet agenda?
Why do monarchs sometimes wear red?
Why is a ski-jump not included on mixed flight deck operations where helicopters are present?
Why did sport hunters find the Arabian oryx to be a worthwhile quarry to hunt?
Why did natives consider Africans to have a 'Great Medicine'?
Why was NBC criticized over its Olympic coverage?
Why is Brazil an exception?
Why did many software developers choose not to redesign the Mac operating system and rewrite the programming code?
What can happen if Bacteriophage contain genes of host's phenotype?
Why is it used as the rotor coolant?
What happens in many cases when a word starts with an 's'?
Why did the ECB intervene during the subprime mortgage crisis?
What caused the constant linear velocity?
What caused the loss to Steaua Bucuresti in Seville?
Why was adding a step i production useful for larger projects?
What happens when an unconstitutional statute remains on the books?
What happens with the Brussels special position?
What happened in 1900?
Why did archaeologists count Iran as "The Near East"?
Why did Galla Placidia erect the church of San Giovanni Evangelista?
What happened around the time that Nanjing was designated as the capital?
Why did Mustafa A.G. Abushagur not become prime minister?
Why did the Chinese ultimately fail in its counter offensives?
Why is lime often added to glass?
What caused Latin America's right-wing authorities to support coup o'etats?
What was the result of the invasion by Spain?
What happened to the crime rate in San Diego between 1990 and 2000?
Why is cotton grown as an annual crop?
Why did the Greeks name Palermo Panormos?
What happened to the rest of the animal?
Why was tin was rarely used for everyday use?
Why did Yongle order the construction?
What caused inflation to Iran's economy during the oil price spike in 1973?
What happened on the final day of the month of love that was of significance was authorized by the Holy Roman Church leader ?
Why are the Mollusca and Annelida considered to be close relatives?
Why were early mammals active at night?
Why should noise-based speed be rounded down to a lower standard?
Why is a transistor so useful?
Why did Francis Grose think that Norfolk Island should be closed as a penal settlement?
Why is new rock not suitable for mainstream radio?
What happens in Presbyterian denominations?
What happened in the Carboniferous?
Why was a surrogate character mechanism implemented?
Why did people dislike the college being named after John C. Calhoun?
What happens to the conductivity of the electrolyte at low temperatures?
Why besides limited periods of time would youtube not be allowed in a country?
Why did Feynman give up alcohol?
Why did Feynman decide to turn down an offer from the Institute of Advanced Study?
Why can't federal courts just make up law?
Why did families send their girls to Diego's monastery? 
What causes the different accounts of the cross used?
Why are long sentences in a modern preamble formatted into multiple paragraphs?
Why are the tops of glaciers rigid?
Why did the construction of the Fine Arts Palace take so long?
What would happen if someone in the Greek Orthodox Church became a Freemason?
Why did Gaddafi's family leave Sabha?
What caused the delay in drilling after Shell's 2008 purchase?
What happens after an enhancer binds an activator protein?
What happened to Sky's agreement in 2006.
Why is Isaac Hunter's Tavern popular?
Why do people say KInseys work is not correct?
Why was the internet developed?
Why was there critcism of the elite clubs?
What is the purpose of a dual-input USB cable?
What happened to the scores of students who listened to rock and roll or country?
What happened to Dell's revenue and share price in the post-PC market?
Why were bacteria and archaea dominant forms of life?
Why did members of the clergy oppose the use of chloroform? 
Why is competition so fierce between related species?
What causes lower growth in plants?
What happened to The reformers in the Qing dynasty? 
What was the result of the use of this release of 78 rpm vinyl when used in vintage jukeboxes?
Why did pre or prije develop rather than the symboled "pre"?
What is the effect of there no longer being a stigma on interracial marriage?
What happened to diplomatic envoys the Mongols sent to Japan?
What caused the development of the Jura Mountains? 
Why do research findings believe the Internet has a negative effect on teen physical health?
Why goals were accomplished the the KPA and PVA's use gongs during these attacks?
Why did the government  and civil service not want to relocate during the war?
Why have birds been domesticated by humans?
Why does the United Nations question the Human rights status of Cyprus?
Why did this happen?
What happened to Austrian prestige due to the war?
What happened to the number of free colored people for the first few decades after the war?
What happened for the first time to the DigiDestined in the film series?
Why is there opposition to textual criticism of Jewish and Muslim religious books?
Why are plants important to human life?
Why did the NFL Network begin to broadcast games again?
What causes barotrauma?
Why is hunting still vital in marginal climates?
Why did John Locke believe that one person cannot enslave another?
Why did other students often tease Napoleon?
What was the result of the victory for the Austrians?
What happened to China after the 20th century revolutions?
What happens if the wrestler doesn't break a hold?
Why do almost all carriers using conventional aircraft have arrested-recovery systems?
Why was the presidential debate canceled in 1996 at Washington University?  
Why couldn't Eisenhower attend Annapolis?
What happened in July 2014?
Why are roofs a good place for solar panels?
Why was United Stated excluded from League of Nations Council?
Why were the Portugese Africa territories' borders formally established?
What happened regarding DST in 2007 in the United States that probably led to the DOE investigation?
Why are average trip distances so lengthy in San Diego?
Why were the designs for different USB connectors made?
Why was the English order of the Dominicans so successful in England?
Why has production automation become popular?
What led to Khazar having to put more strain on its military?
What caused the 2008 floods?
Why are alternative methods of pest control gaining popularity?
Why did Cannon believe that physiological responses were insufficient cause for emotions?
Why are assistants used?
Why do Jehovah Witnesses forego religious holidays and birthdays or other celebrations?
Why are Touloulous given free condoms?
Why did the third siege attempt fail?
What happens with the pinch off part of the outer membrane?
Why did the Soviet Union complain about the action of the US to the UN Security Council?
Why were experiments done on luminiferous aether in the 19 Century?
What is the purpose of Obstruction?
Why were the lands in the region the Sumerian people settled fertile?
Why did the Board of Trustees choose to name Washing University after George Washington?
What led to the decline of the Ottoman empire?
Why was this age range important?
What was the result of a child having an African mother?
What happened to Apple's market share with the release of Windows 95?
Why did the committee decide on 7bit instead?
Why did the CEO of Google think the new software was necessary? 
What would happen if peasants couldn't repay their debts?
What is the purpose of the Inspection service? 
Why were Black politicians upset about the change in immigration laws?
Why did Rice withdraw?
What happened during those years? 
What happened to public grants in nordic universities that continued to allow foreign students?
Why are smoking bans in place?
What led to bad investments by asset managers in over-priced credit assets?
What happens if the national supervisory authority designated by a Member State is not a national central bank?
Why did Telnet define an ASCII as a Network Virtual Terminal?
Why did Huxley coin the name "Darwinism?"
What happens to a molecule if an oscillation results in a dipole being changed?
Why does the Appalachian Highland have the terrain it does?
Why were the Chamorros brought to Guam?
Why would God being substantially affected by the world be beneficial?
Why did the mistranslation of szlachta come about?
Why did P. Christiaan Klieger believe that the Ming court supported high Tibetan lamas?
What happened to the right to mint coinage?
Why is Thurnigia's landscape shaped by human influence?
Why did the term house become popular? 
What happened to the Premier League's televsion rights after this decision?
What happened to Frederick's army at the Battle at Kunersdorf?
Why is sequencing done on plants?
What happened to the patents that caused them to be patent-free?
Why might the method gradually applying the operating voltage not be suitable to protect electrolytic capacitors in modern devices?
Why aren't homestead and subdivision areas more popular?
Why is Nanjing so strong in textiles and minting?
What is the effect of exposing a human to red when it comes to cognitive skills?
Why is xenon gas not more widely used?
Why have wall mosaics generally not survived in the region?
What caused the water level in the Yellow River to increase?
Why was Shtokavian the most widespread culture in the western Balkans? 
Why is China's government similar to unity structure?
Why did the cubs need to host their home games at an alternative site?
Why was the Nanjing Olympic Sports Center built?
What is the purpose of the FEELS model?
What happened in 1923 that required repairs to many of the city's engineering works?
Why did blacks fear to identify as African?
Why are hydrocarbon pesticides not excreted?
Why did some accuse Ibn Sina of burning down the royal library?
Why was there a funding shortfall for the publishing of Princpia Mathematica? 
What caused a delay in the production of high quality records?
Why does basing sexual orientation on one component cause problems?
Why was the code patterned so that most codes were together?
What happens to those that do not follow to the rule of law?
Why did the Chinese PLA Navy need 4-5 years for Liaoning to reach full capacity?
Why is renewable energy an attractive option?
Why did this occur?
Why were ports better targets?
What happened to the sacrifice if the god failed to uphold the agreement?
What happened on BBC's Newsnight in 1998?
Why do so many multinationals have their Latin American headquarters in Miami?
Why does DNA replication and transcription occur in the 5'→3' direction?
Why may some memory retrieval processes fail?
Why did General MacArthur suggest an amphibious landing at Inchon?
What happened to President Bonaparte in 1852?
what caused the Dutch to expand thier spice trade in the malaccan straits?
What causes a quarter to be extended one additional play even if time has run out?
Why do RLV discs have a blue or purple reflective color?
Why did South Africa install an interim administration in Namibia?
Why are the plates and dielectrics often staggered in larger value capacitors?
Why did Chopin request being cut open after his death?
Why was the tactic of bombing German aircraft bases, factories and fuel reserves impractical?
Why did Senator Boxer say she voted the way she did?
Why were the researchers recognized in 1975?
What causes genetic pollution?
Why did Schumann say the Poles were in mourning?
Why did students move to Russia?
What is the purpose of the gas in a light bulb?
Why was he indentured for life?
Why does time have an effect of the amount of available solar energy?
What is the purpose of white-balancing?
What happens in polygynous species with sexual dimophism?
Why was the Board of Estimate found unconstitutional?
What happened prior to the collapse of the Western Jin dynasty?
why is a QED vacuum impossible to achieve ?
Why does Windows RT only work with apps included with the system?
What happened to construction during the Depression?
Why is gold vital to the people of Mali?
Why did the Soviet government fear the governments of France and Britain?
Why were there more immigrants in the US?
What causes the decrease of capacitance in ceramic capacitors as they age?
Why do Jehovah Witnesses reject inherent immortality of the soul, hellfire and Trinitarianism?
What was the purpose of the Bethe-Feynman formula?
Why would zinc possibly be derived from the German word zinke?
Why did Native Americans suffer such high mortality rates to the diseases?
Why did Stalin send two air forces divisions and other assistance to the Chinese?
Why are Arabic translation efforts important to Western translation traditions?
Why is it difficult to now which chronic wounds are infected?
Why was plant taxonomy developed?
Why is the Gospel of John said at the end of Catholic Mass?
Why did rulers and governments in Europe form universities?
Why was the spelling of McIntosh changed to Macintosh?
What causes electric trains to waste energy?
What happens when scientists try to apply science to sort out social differences?
Why did Coalition nations fear the removal of Hussein from power?
Why can't some memories be held onto forever?
Why did flowering plants develop numerous morphological and physiological mechanisms?
What happens to the amount of radiation an object emits as temperature increases?
Why are  the fruit fly and the nematode the most intensively studied metazoan model organisms?
Why have Jehovah's Witnesses sometimes been imprisoned?
What caused MacDonald to form a separate party?
Why were port cities targeted by the Luftwaffe?
Why were the controllers hard-wired to the console with no connectors?
Why was Arsenal's match on 22 Jan. 1927 at Highbury a first?
Why did Shell sell some of its assets in March 2010?
Why can one find thousands of anthropological references to the topics?
What happened at the start of John's reign?
What was the result of the British attack on Ft Duquesne?
What happens if a vinyl comes with a bit of warp?
What happened in Federalist No.46?
Why did agriculture become so significant for Armenia's economy?
Why was there doubt about the Latin word?
Why were people offended by this comment?
Why is cycling popular in Tucson?
What happened when the  Maratha Army lost the third battle of Panipat?
Why may regulations ban the use of lead in ammunition?
What happens to the rule of law if a government does not have an effective system for maintenance and restoration?
What happened to protesters who tried to interrupt the carrying of the torch?
Why is the krill so important to the Antarctic area?
Why was the PVA unable to advance beyond Seoul?
What caused long lines in most major cities?
Why does the PlayStation 3 have extensive HD compatibility?
Why is it important to cook foods well?
Why might Mandarin and Cantonese not be regarded as dialects?
Why did the Japanses begin to breed quails in teh 20th century?
Why is the US so important to Bermuda?
What causes humans to underestimate time intervals?
Why is being a charity beneficial to Eton?
What caused the move of BBC Television into the BBC VIsion unit?
Why does Euornithes mean "true birds?"
Why do fungi communicate?
Why is it important to document variations in witness texts when compiling a critical text?
Why isn't unalloyed zinc used in construction applications?
Why are some leeches endangered?
Why was a subject ordered to appear to Pop-Tanning in old trousers?
What happened after Krishna was accidentally wounded by an arrow of a hunter?
Why is Mexico City vulnerable to flooding?
Why was no Nachlass left behind after Whitehead's death?
Why did Sherman believe the establishment clause was unnecessary? 
What led to the defeat of the Prussians at Memel?
Why was secondary school introduced in the U.S?
Why did military use barracks?
What happened to Edward Oxford to after he was found guilty of high treason?
Why do communications professionals typically specialize in only one or two areas of communication?
Why did Queen Victoria want to take over other countries? 
What happened to ports on Cyprus after capture of its northern territory by Turkish troops?
What happened to Mary's body at death?
What caused a large migration of Greek refuges in the 1450s?
Why are different countries effected differently?
What happened to Hornswoggle?
Why did some critics say that Chopin was too delicate?
Why did Yongle Emperor send Yang Sanbao into Tibet?
What led to a reduction in the power of the peers?
Why is calculating the days of the Gregorian calendar not simple?
Why did tigers became extinct in Sariska?
Why wasn't there a need to redesign the LaserDisc format to prevent piracy?
Why do food chains start with plants?
Why was the Port Phillip Channel Deppening Project subject to controversy and strict regulations?
Why do cells easily stain with dyes?
What was the purpose of the Third Crusade?
Why is the term post-punk sometimes disputed?
Why did Dominic sell his books?
Why was he investigated?
Why did living standards decline in 1980s Libya?
What is the result of tectonic movements within the Dead Sea Transform?
Why does a sky turn red when the evening comes?
Why was the Chongqing Municipality formed?
What happened to the Slavic people of the Baltic?
Why have aircraft carriers increased in size since World War II?
What is the purpose of a pesticide?
Why were decisions not reported or recoded correctly?
Why was there not a new era of governance in Beijing? 
What causes water quality problems in Guam?
What happened to film speeds of black-and-white negative film?
Why did the emperor pay a small fortune in gifts?
Why are newborns described as being physiologically immunodeficient?
Why wasn't agriculture successful?
Why did so many schools collapse during the earthquake?
Why was paper tape better than magnetic tape?
Why did India and Sweden never determine how much the US would compensate China?
What happened to the Fatburger chains that Kanye established?
Why isn't the southwest Spanish speaking?
Why would one use hydrogen mixed with nitrogen?
What happens in the stomach after the food is chewed and mixed with starches?
Why did American Idol choose not to have its Idol Gives Back special in 2009?
Why are the waxwing Bombycilla not migrating for?
Why do many Somalis live in South Asia and Europe?
Why did Spain give part of Catalonia to France?
Why were the clean slate decrees useful to the rulers of Sumer?
Why does living in poverty raise your risk of diarrhea?
Why is Bermuda a great place for snorkellers?
Why did the people of the Netherlands rise up against Philip II?
Why did James T. Costa think that On the Origin of Species was more likely to draw interest than a larger book that Darwin had been working on?
Why weren't the Ugyhurs deported back to China?
What was the result of that lecture?
Why were women eventually allowed to serve at sea in the CAF?
Why did Jesus sacrifice himself?
What happens whe not as many repo notes are coming due?
Why was solar technology developed in the 1860s?
What led to guerrilla submarine missions in early 1942?
Why do muslim anti-masonics believe that the Freemasons want to destroy the Al-Aqsa Mosque?
Why do birds migrate?
What led to the rebellion in 1810 
What caused the Maratha Empire to split in 1761?
Why is the Pekin duck the favored of the western world?
Why are antibiotics checked before use?
what would happen if the trade did not return a profit for at least 3 years?
Why are variations distributed along clines?
Why are a heteromorphic flower's carpels and stamens different lengths?
Why were television ratings down across the board during American Idols seventh season? 
Why cant artifacts from the Phoenicians be easily excavated?
Why would they leave agricultural lifestyle?
Why would botanists study weeds?
Why is it more economical for scientists to study a small number of species?
Why did Jordan and Lebanon seek outside aid?
Why was Saurez not playing for four months?
Why is the initial stage of Ebola not very contagious?
Why have poachers killed endangered animals?
Why are capacitors connected in parallel with the power circuits of many devices and large systems?
Why is only the broadest use of genre possible when trying to categorize what actually defines post-punk?
What was the purpose of launching the BeiDou-1C satellite?
What is the purpose of a concentrated solar power system?
What happened to Estonia during WWII?
What happened in Portugal that contributed to Guinea-Bissau's independence?
Why is attachment to things futile?
What is the effect of a kaolin coating on the light cast?
Why was the first route not taken?
What caused a setback in naive set theory at the beginning of 20th century?
What caused the death of Emperor Auranzeb? 
What causes the temperature to decrease?
Why was the stele abandoned?
Why were many children employed?
Why is it problematic that the "coloured" population of Bermuda is now referred to as "black" or "African heritage"?
What caused the change of the Institute's name?
What happens if a Pope is elected who is not a bishop?
What is the purpose of a junction forward voltage?
Why was Swan's first lamp not commercially viable?
Why has defining pain been a challenge?
Why did Dominic travel to Denmark in 1203?
Why are the Marshall Islands the most endangered nation on Earth?
What happened to Atlantic City in the early part of the 20th century?
What caused lower classification status for African Americans?
What happens in very severe cases of asthma?
What happens to a digimon after it dissolves?
Why does the ECRI reject theories based on the existence of different races?
what happened to the internet in the late 1980s?
Why are the presence of certain enymzes a tell tale sign of a virus?
Why did Richard Brodhead believe there were so many Yale alumni presidential candidates?
What was the result of publicly funded links among computers in government labs and reserach institutes?
What caused high unemployment on the island?
What happened to Bishop George?
Why was the County of Drenthe denied representation by the States General?
Why have many US Air Force pilots opted to resign from active service? 
Why is there a debate about moving the capital of Alaska to another town?
Why would hybrids have characteristics that keep them from being fertile?
What happened when regions underwent desertification?
What happened to the Japanese fleet when nearly all oil imports were cut off?
What caused the evolution of different growth strategies in bacteria?
Why were stepper motors abandoned in computer drive designs?
What caused the deaths of half of Cork's citizens?
What was the effect of that new group on the European balance of power?
Why do broad winged birds avoid geographical barriers?
Why did the attack by the Rus go so well on the coast at the start?
Why did Houston's economy have problems in the late 1980's?
Why does Stewart Guthrie believe that people project their human features onto non human things?
What was the purpose of building the COMPASS receiver?
Why was dBASE unique?
Why is a plant chosen for the study of its cells?
What happened to David Bradley's shop that led to the creation of salt water taffy?
Why were AC motors used?
Why were the residents of the Chechen-Ingush ASSR deported?
What was the purpose of the fruit walls built by French and English farmers?
Why didn't Neptune appear to be in it's exact discover position? 
Why did Western powers stop selling resources to Japan?
Why were Americans allowed to start checking more than one box to identify their race in the Census in 200?
Why were former Sun staff members put in police custody in early 2012?
Why was the case of Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow overturned?
why do satellites need to fire engines every few day to keep orbit?
Why was the broadcast the most-watched in history?
Why did many post-punk artists produce and release their own music?
What happens when certain constitutional amendments cannot occur?
What happens to the natural carcidan cycle when light-dark patterns are disrupted?
Why is zinc oxide useful in photocopying products?
Why are plants able to stop and start dividing cells?
Why did the gods create human beings from clay?
Why were the people in Saint Peter's Square chanting and yelling?
Why should lactating women increase their water consumption?
What was the result of the police officer killing?
Why would this type be good for receiving but not transmtting?
What led to the creation of an independent Poland?
What caused mortgage lenders to relax underwriting standards and approve riskier mortgages?
Why might the scales fail?
What is the purpose of symbolic reference?
What caused the dialect continuum to become fractured?
What caused  the Hindenburg to explode?
What happens after a bill is delivered to the OFR?
What happened after the French and Indian War?
What was the purpose of the castle 
Why were dogs initially selected?
What caused ancient texts to be rediscovered by Byzantine scholars?
What was the result of the German attacks?
Why did the use of "African" become an issue?
Why are Low German varieties regarded as dialects of standard German?
Why were LaserDiscs more popular in Japan?
Why was Philip forced to withdraw in the east?
Why did Feynman go through a depression?
What happened in the Feb 2010 election?
Why is this specific antenna type used?
What is the purpose of a DBMS?
What caused a major increase in social inequality?
Why was the Yongle Emperor said to have been planning to send military forces into Tibet?
Why did the anti-miscegenation not insure that there was no interracial mixing?
Why was this film relevant enough to be the first ?
Why does clinical immunology extend to those areas?
Why is it held at Webly Stadium? 
What was the purpose of editing the dispatch?
What happened to the 50,000 children in the UNICEF study?
Why did On the Origin of Species likely raise so much interest and debate?
What happened to British Isles area when the ice melted after the last ice age?
Why did youtube want to ensure only contractees music was played?
Why did Steele say what he did?
What was the purpose of Castello a Mare?
Why may the dominant reading may be the weaker reading?
Why did Francis fail to kill Queen Victoria?
Why does CNN believe George W. Bush was accepted into Yale?
Why did many Armenians leave Armenia?
Why are some glaciers stagnant in Alaska?
Why do debates not have a distinct winner?
What happened to Buckingham after Queen Victoria left?
Why was U Wisara involved in a resistance movement of such extremes ?
What was the purpose of the Portuguese bailout?
Why is the translation of the Old Testament into Greek known as the Septuagint?
What was the effect of the Battle of Hakusukinoe?
What can happen to players who get red or yellow cards in friendlies?
What led to the sealing of the Magna Carta?
Why is table sugar produced?
Why is fluid in a manual pump pushed into the pumps cavity when a small sealed cavity is expanded?
What caused the suppression of regional cultures?
Why did Elvis sales of 78s perform so well in the Southern States?
Why did this author embrace young adult literature as a grownup?
Why do New Haven city officials dislike Yale?
What caused the temporary NBA team to relocate to Oklahoma?
What happened in 1958 that changed the home music scene?
Why did Whitehead think people continued to subscribe to materialistic thinking?
What happened in the Early Ceramic period?
Why are the Attitude indicator and heading indicator vacuum-powered?
Why did the Luftwaffe bomb the RAF Fighter Command?
Why did Eisenhower ignore McCarthy?
Why were sanctions place on Liberian timber exports?
Why exactly was the fort rename to Fort Nathan Hale?
Why did the ceromony of consecrating a bishop have to be preformed by someone who was already a bishop?
What happens as the scope of economically viable applications increases?
Why did the English originally colonize Bermuda?
Why has their been distance between the Premier League and the Football League?
Why was this plant chosen for sequencing?
Why does a transistor increase a signal?
Why did Paula Abdul appear on the season nine finale of American Idol?
What happens to temporary records at the WNRC if they are not retrieved by the end of the retention times?
Why did mathematical relations become necessary?
What happened to Georgian politics as a result of the attack?
Why is San Diego known as an iHub Innovation Center?
Why is southern Nigeria losing its forests?
Why did Victoria hate Sir Conroy and Lady Flora?
What happened to Novgorod when Kievan Rus began to decline?
What happens in a chennel transupport system? 
What caused American forces to deploy in large number in 1965?
Why does South London have such a high number of railways?
Why do the women drink through a straw? 
What happens on Cultural Sunday 
Why did membership decline in the late 1970s?
Why is Japan black used for outdoor paint?
Why did the Luftwaffe fail to locate their targets?
Why did the Dutch reject Britain's offer to join the alliance?
What was the result of the economic transition after the German reunification in 1990?
Why did the szlachta demand privileges?
What happened if a commoner concubine had a son?
Why does geography have an effect of the amount of solar energy available?
Why did The Sun change the wording of the headline?
Why is there a lessening of material possessions in hunting and gathering groups?
What caused BPN and BPP to accumulate losses?
Why does Sowell believe that there is little to no incentive for the preferred minority groups to perform at their best?
Why was Kerry's brother messing with phone lines?
What happened on January 1st 1901?
Why is it so difficult to locate bugs in software?
Why did Hume say we expect the sun to rise?
What can happen if you do not register?
Why did Victoria live with her mother at the beginning of her reign?
Why did Teletype have the code for "rubout"?
Why are many plants green?
Why did the world community notice the need for help?
Why did the economics department turn down Hayek's employment?
What caused the Qing armies to lose many battles?
Why are there differences in ancient copies of the same text?
WHy did King louis approve the privilege?
Why does Spielberg think aliens would visit?
Why is it possible that the name zinc could be derived from the German zinn?
Why might Darwin have postponed publishing his theory of evolution for over 20 years?
What happened to the British possesions after the Rebellion of 1857? 
What is the purpose of a variorum?
What happened in Federalist No. 28
Why do smaller schools want to play against major FBS teams?
What would happen if you imported a copyrighted work into a country where the original is protected by copyright law?
Why were many buildings covered with marble?
Why would carnivourous plants be difficult to classify into a food pyramid?
Why do migrating land birds avoid large water bodies or mountain ranges?
What caused disagreement about Yale's new position?
Why did Greg Dyke of London Weekend Television meet with representatives of the biggest five English football clubs in 1990?
What is the result of the programmer making a mistake?
What caused the size of Washington, D.C. to change?
What caused a name change according to the Chronicles of Parian ?
Why do some scholars propose a Thursday is possible?
Why was Shtokavian suggested as a common language base?
Why did von Neumann join government work?
Why is hydrogen employed?
Why is the ideal junction forward voltage lower?
Why was the US naval blockade not feasible?
Why was the first quantized model of the atom introduced?
Why do consumers often ignore renewable power systems?
Why was the winter driven out?
Why is it important for textual critics to analyze the Gospels?
Why did the French want a French bank president?
Why was Brooke being investigated?
Why did Gaddafi select these men as RCC members?
Why do some people believe Whitehead's writings may have restricted his influence?
What happens to multiple cup winners? 
What happened to Mutaguchi's troops?
What can happen to capacitors used in high current applications?
What led to Yale's Grievance Board and the Yale Women's Center?
What happened on 22 January 2015?
Why did muticultural Americans hid their heritage?
What caused a temporary exodus from Nueva Vizcaya?
What led to the banning of the Remonstrant faith in 1618?
Why was the senate considered to be supreme during this time?
What happens to a person whose autobiographic memory is damaged?
What was the result of the War of Independence?
What happened to nobility at expense of the king?
What happened to Nasser after the breakup of the UAR?
What happened when antibiotics was over used in livestock?
What was the result of the Austrian invasion?
Why has the prefix 'post' caused a bit of dispute as it relates to various post-punk groups?
What was the purpose of the created of The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company?
What happened in 2007-2008 that had a drop in viewers for all networks?
What happened to the U.S. Olympic Network?
Why did Hitler use terror bombing against Britain? 
Why is Brasilia a good place for air sports?
Why are the codes and responsa different in regards to details?
Why did interest in solar water heating decrease in the 1980s?
What happened in 1976 that impacted this primate's classification as Endanger?
Why did monasteries have gardens?
Why are birds' arteries composed of thick elastic muscles?
Why has Cyprus been sought out by offshore businesses?
Why do photos show take on horns?
What happened during the red faction revolution?
Why did Gaddis Smith believe John Kerry led Yale's Political Union Liberal Party?
What causes the specificity of base pairing?
Why did Darwin introduce a new chapter in On the Origin of Species in the sixth edition?
Why were laws limiting people of color passed?
Why do phloem sieve tubes stop forming?
Why do miniature PM motors use high energy magnets?
Why did the population of pigs and rabbits explode in New Zealand?
Why was the school named Yale College?
Why does psychiatrist Anil Aggrawal say androphilia and gynephilia are needed terms?
Why did the constitution didn't have to explain federalism? 
Why was the transition to a new union difficult 
Why does Russia have a miltary base In Gyumri?
What happens if all wrestlers are down?
Why is a BeiDou-1 ground terminal so expensive?
Why was the KInsey scale developed?
What caused Eisenhower to kickstart the US space program?
Why were 45s more popular with jukeboxes?
why did King James I licence other trading companies from england?
What led to the Bronx's population growth?
Why did agricultural societies push into hunter-gatherer areas?
What happens to the current when an inductive circuit is opened?
Why is mercury the better option for liquid used in a Hydrostatic gauge?
Why did farmers build a bridge over the Harlem River?
What causes an alloy to form a solid solution?
What caused Victoria to become the Queen of the United Kingdom?
What happened with education  during the Early Middle Ages?
Why does Van Praag believe the Ming court set up a diplomatic delegation with Tibet?
Why have Eritrean government officials participated in numerous meetings with NGO representatives?
Why would more fermentable sugars be added to be beer during the brewing process?
Why might Sony have reduced the number of ports on the PlayStation 3 before production?
Why were vegetal green dyes less than ideal?
Why do physicians use antibiotics on infants when the relationship has been proven? 
Why is stare decisis a limited form of lawmaking?
Why did some of the top teams consider leaving the Football league?
Why were republicans upset with Mann?
Why does Congress give generalized powers to federal agencies?
What can happen to capacitors used in high energy capacitor banks?
What happens to the parts of the treaty affected by a rejected reservation as they concern the reserving and rejecting parties?
Why are the festivals in Peru held when they are?
Why did the Latin Americas Upper class support coup o'etats?
What happened to Napster?
Why are the other versions of ASCII not true ASCII?
What was the result of the deals with the U.S. banks?
What happened to the rebels of the Rebellion?
Why does the Catholic Church oppose the Freemasons so strongly?
Why was the Unicode 2.0 codespace increased? 
What caused the Winter Storm of 2000?
What is the purpose of antibiotic treatment?
What is the result of using AC power on a DC motor?
What was the purpose of studying natural sciences in madaris?
Why is zinc oxide used in nuclear reactors?
Why 1kV voltage is almost always used by rail systems?
Why were low-ranking local tribes recruited?
Why did Deraismes resign from Freemasonry?
What happened days following the disaster?
Why did Gamper want Barcelona to acquire a stadium of its own?
What is the purpose of secondary education?
What was the result of the Battle of Maxen?
Why did San Diego schools close during the Cedar Fire?
Why do some animals pass food through their gut twice?
What happened when Constans died?
Why are these companies rewarded?
Why did kings increase the tax rate during this period?
What caused Darwin to change his mind about the unbridgeable gap between animals and humans?
What was the purpose of the palace educational system?
What happens when an anesthetic injection is directed into the nerves a limb stump?
What is the purpose of the Three Gorges Dam?
Why did Wilson rotate officers between communities?
Why were the Karachays exiled?
Why did Sichuan lose its status as the most populous Province in 1997?
What happens if the soverign doesn't sign the bill within the six-month time frame?
Why was Albert the heir presumptive to the throne?
Why did the U.S. pass the Indian Arts and Crafts Act of 1990?
What caused alarm in France?
What caused the downfall of the downfall of the the original kingdom in Myanmar?
What is the purpose of electronic warfare?
Why did the cab operators not like the tracks?
What happened to the shawn and the wooden cornet during the Baroque period?
What happened between 1938 to 1995?
Why was Gödels finding ironic?
Why has Botswana been forced to ban trophy hunting altogether?
Why is the island safe from full hurricane devastation?
What caused General Ridgway to initiate Operation Roundup?
What happened in Rakhine in the summer of 2012 that had severe implications on the running of the location?
Why did CBC move The National in some areas?
Why was France mad at the British-Prussian agreement?
Why was the Dutch East Indies important to Japan?
Why did Kerry criticize Bush during the 2004 campaign?
Why did Victoria visit Ireland in 1861?
Why did Lou Piniella leave the cubs prematurely?
Why were the first buildings narrow?
Why were alternative energy sources judged uneconomical in 2001?
Why does a third of the population spend time at sea?
Why did the Grand Orient de France conclude that Freemasonry shouldn't require religious belief?
Why does the government prevent more than 63% of a party to control the legislature? 
Why is  there still Bilingual  spoken in these states?
Why did South Africa end occupation in Namibia?
Why did samurai avoid divorcing for reasons of dislike?
Why is the top of the seamount formed by marine organisms?
What is the purpose of the Compass-M1 satellite?
Why was Howard Dean proud of his graduating class?
What is the purpose of the Tijuana Cross-border Terminal?
Why was Back to the Future released with analog sound?
Why did western power believe that the soviet government wouldn’t partake in another world war?
What happened in 1975-1982?
Why are species can be difficult to classify because they?
Why did Congress hold up the highway bill?
Why might more than 500 crimes have occurred each day at the turn of the century instead of the officially reported number?
Why did John divert south?
What caused population growth to decline  in the 1980s?
What is the purpose of an evolutionary arms race?
Why do some other scholars argue that it happened on a Wednesday?
Why is there an East End/West End rivalry?
Why are glacial crevices formed?
What happened to Kanye's debut album that caused him to remaster most of it?
Why some sections of Bakerloo and District lines were rewired to three-rail system?
What was the result of the Anglo-Irish Treaty in 1919-1922?
What happened after the economy dropped off around 2008?
Why was the lawsuit eventually dismissed?
Why couldn't the French and English take control of the field?
Why were the prince electors able to proclaim themselves King of Prussia?
Why is travel in Kathmandu mainly via automobile or aircraft?
Why did Chopin want his body opened when he died?
Why was the change made for the USB device?
Why did he believe those concepts were inaccurate?
Why are uppercase letters preferred often times when space is restricted?
Why did Albania fall out with Thessaly, Macedonia and Epirus?
Why are the languages of the indigenous peoples of Venezuela in danger of becoming extinct?
Why do infants and young childrens memories need to be assesed differently?
Why were standard connectors designed to be so robust?
Why is this not determined in a patient with COPD?
Why did Karl von Loesch bury the microfilm?
Why was the USAF forced to ground some of its squadrons in 2013?
Why is Lancashire smaller than its historical extent?
Why might Neptune have more varied weather than Uranus?
Why did European powers lay claim to areas Africa?
Why was the 360 considered a market success for Microsoft?
Why did Ukrainians collaborate with the Axis?
Why did merchants prefer that their daughters not marry samurai?
Why is CBC's coverage preferable to other networks in the US?
Why were KPA forces unable to adequately defend themselves against UN forces?
What is the result of Karma called?
What happened to the king after the trial?
Why did Cj clark shoes leave the area 
Why was the west creating a war?
Why are disel trains  still used on electrified routes?
Why were they striking?
What happens if the photoelectron's frequency is too low?
What happens when companies outsource?
Why did some music lovers frown upon diaphragming? 
Why did the iron, copper and silver mines fail?
Why is the concentrate of uranium in farmland so high?
Why did Gladstone resign?
Why does infrared not cause trouble for devices in adjacent rooms?
What happened to the cargo train?
What would happen if a lower court refused to uphold a constitutional law?
Why is a second meter usually unnecessary to monitor electricity use?
What happens to the wages of adults?
What happened in the early 21 st century 
Why is some energy in the electroluminescence process emitted as heat and light?
Why did the Pan American Health Organization release this statement?
Why couldn't differences in flora and fauna be explained by differences in regions alone?
What caused a marked sownturn in the production of quail eggs following the industry boom?
Why did a small group of people remain on Norfolk Island, after others had already left?
Why was Neuman rejected from joining US Army?
Why does zinc protect metals exposed to sea water from corroding?
Why do birds need to molt?
Why are there not more arrests from undercover investigations of interstate wildlife commerce?
What happens to mandolin notes when plucked? 
What causes a person to become separated from their "true self"?
What can happen to vaginal flora?
Why did the King dislike Victoria taking the trips?
Why were women composers deemed not notable?
What was the purpose of record album covers?
What caused Romanticism to end?
What happened at Minden in 1757?
What happens outside the 1/1000 second to 1/second exposure range?
Why can American tort law not be easily summarized?
Why did Kari Marx criticize Humanist Philosophy's? 
Why was the US not able to provide an adequate response to the Korean invasion?
Why did the Old Guard say Eisenhower should void the Yalta Agreements?
What happened to office buildings in Shanghai?
Why did the crossover between Hot 100 and Easy Listening decrease?
Why was Turkey accused of violating the Geneva Conventions?
What happens when someone tries to improve education?
Why can't Koch's postulates be applied ethically for many human diseases?
What led to more misgivings of conservative scientists when Bronn's German translation of On the Origin of Species was published?
Why did parties that relied on donations or subscriptions run into problems?
Why are several anthropologists dismissed from their jobs, according to David H. Price?
What causes genes to evolve?
Why did the jazz clubs close down?
Why was it natural to have Ford Motor Company based in Cork?
Why was there concerns in 2010?
Why did the Roman senators wish to have Caesar assassinated?
why type of  dye was one of the East  India company's main  products?
What happened to the Alpine orogenic belt that gave it the steep vertical peak?
What caused early aircraft carriers to be made up of conversions of ships that were previously cargo ships, cruisers or battlecruisers?
Why did Victoria inherit the throne?
Why did millions of youth migrate to the urban areas of Iran in the mid 1970s?
What happens when both teams score the same amount of points?
Why did many members of the senate flee the city after Caesar's death?
What can happen when antibiotics are used with other drugs?
What happens if two Grand Lodges try to establish themselves in the same area?
What happens to the body of the wild animal killed?
Why was King George VI's personal assent in 1939 noteworthy?
Why did medical professionals advise against using an anaesthetic during childbirth?
Why was the commercialization of classical music harmful to the music industry according the Shawn Vancour? 
Why are sodas and high sugar fruit juices not recommended?
What happens to zinc when it is manipulated to the temperatures between 100 and 150 Celsius?
Why was it not included in the series?
What caused Boganda to leave his elected post?
Why is it often not worth bothering to identify an infectious agent?
What is the purpose of contacts in the lamp socket?
Why were plant populations affected after wolves were eliminated from Yellowstone?
What happens to untreated copper that makes it difficult to solder?
Why has Unicode been criticized for not separately encoding forms of kanji?
What caused the Roman state to provide armaments to their army?
Why did McKerrow alter his previous method of criticism?
Why weren't swaps registered as debts by Eurostat at the time?
What happens with the reduced carbon compounds in the food are broken down releasing stored solar energy?
Why were so many blacks repeatedly being imported from Africa?
What was the purpose of Iman Crosson's video?
Why did Jackson want this term to be used?
Why were the schools inspected?
What led to constant problems with the Khazars?
What caused bad press during the conference protests in Seattle?
Why do some cops use bicycles to patrol?
Why is New Mexico always an after thought in American -Spanish speaking society?
Why were his children free?
Why does the amount of usable solar energy differ from the amount near the planets surface?
Why did country borders not affect differences in style within Gothic architecture?
Why did Roncalli leave Venice?
Why were many killed in Underground Stations?
Why was this drug pulled off shelves?
Why type of anthropology is the study of social organization a central focus of?
Why does the Main Street Station only receive rail traffic from Newport News and Williamsburg?
What happens when both the federal and state governments have regulations that overlap?
Why were black and white pieces used in most italian mosaics?
What happened to the Jews during the crusades?
Why was Taylor indicted by a special court ?
Why is a loss of energy difficult to measure by weight?
Why did a regional referendum in 1996 to merge Berlin with surrounding Brandenburg fail?
Why is this particular rule so controversial?
Why did Julius Caesar wish to invade Gaul?
What was the result of the fury of Europe?
What happened in early and middle Qing history?
Why was there a large population of Algonquian people in Bermuda?
What happens to a state's obligations under a treaty upon its withdrawal from the treaty?
Why is a methos that only produces two branches seen as inferior?
Why has Palermo's population declined from 2001 to 2010?
What happened to the Public schoolboys in these sports?
Why were the canneries ultimately closed by the early 1980s?
Why did they miss that competition? 
Why couldn't Asa Gray use a Boston publisher for an American version of On the Origin of Species?
Why is it difficult to measure corruption?
What causes sugar created by chlorophyll to breakdown?
What happened to Eannatum's empire after his death?
What caused Victoria limited mobility later in life?
Why is it bad that a category is merely socially constructed?
Why can outdoor activities take place all year in Miami?
What caused the Romans to conform several educational concepts to their own system?
What happens when an aspirated consonant is doubled or geminated?
Why did the last Ming Emperor commit suicide?
What caused the transition between the middle ages and early modern times?
What can happen to people who commit copyright infringement on a mass-scale?
Why should aircraft that is only passing through an airspace contact Tower Control?
Why was there tension the day after the election?
Why did he receive criticism for I Walk the Line
What happens with contracts to aid corruption?
What happens if the concepts are measured on the same scale?
What was the effect of Laurussia impacting Gondwana in North America?
What happens at Fifth Avenue from 8th street and above?
Why do Jehovah Witnesses believe the Bible condemns mixing of religions?
Why is the Permanent Fund an exception to the premise of the Alaskan Constitution?
What happens during Hybrid Boot mode?
Why did the Yongle Emperor send Hou Xian and Zhi Guang to Tibet?
Why are some foreign characters rarely used? 
Why are some people hesitant to use LED lighting?
What would happen if some of the banks were to begin buying govenrment bonds?
What caused many men to free slaves from 1782 to 1810?
Why was there a photo of the Boardwalk if it wasn't actually damaged in the storm?
Why did Libya become an "international pariah"?
Why did American Baptist congregations split?
Why is there difficulty in defining process theology ?
Why was that? 
Why did Armenia make Christianity its official religion?
Why did the definition of film speeds change considerably?
What happens to digesta when it moves to the small intestine?
Why was Britain able to keep its ancient forests longer than Europe?
Why do many hip hop and R&B artists turn to house music?
What happened to Feyman's younger brother?
What would happen if the voltage difference from collector and emitter were zero?
Why were French troops in Bern?
Why are collaborative agreements important?
What causes additional rainfall during monsoon?
Why did the regals recruit low-ranking local tribes when hunting?
Why was minority leader position created?
Why does water increase lamp darkening?
Why were political radicals such as Ernst Haekel so interested in On the Origin of Species?
Why was Victoria advised not to visit France in April of 1900?
Why have humans had a relationship with birds since the dawn of man?
Why did the total investment in renewable energy go down in 2012?
Why might Italian dialects be regarded as independent languages rather than dialects of standard Italian?
What happened to the British Isles and Europe after the Roman Empire ended?
What happened to financial assets that made them harder to value?
Why did Britain not want Elizabeth to associate with conscientious objectors?
Why would someone prefer a second edition to a first edition?
Why don't Jehovah Witnesses celebrate the usual holidays and customs?
Why would cats and dogs potentially become companions in captivity?
What is the purpose of the forth rail?
Why was barbiturates and amphetamines restricted?
Why was Jaws nearly shut down?
Why were houses built on piles?
What caused some samurai to stop fighting?
What happened to most of the German population during the war in what is current day Kaliningrad?
Why did peasants from Zhangzhou travel north to Xiamen?
Why is Yiddish not a dialect of German?
Why were three large portal used in the construction of the Roman Arch of Constantine?
Why didn't they move to Dublin?
Why were instruments more unwelcome to Christians?
Why do some regulatory regions of a gene not have to be close to the coding sequence?
What happens if the pitch is not up to par? 
Why do parasitic species lay their eggs on their prey?
Why is STOVL used by other navies?
What happened to the price of rice during the 18th century?
What happens to a majority of ingested uranium?
What is the result of /e/ being the same in Central,  Western and Belearic?
Why have people reported zinc intoxication?
Why do organisms inherit the characteristics of their parents?
Why does Friedrinch Netzsche believe human rights exist?
What caused distrust between the German and Soviet governments?
What causes the behavioral adaptations necessary for migration?
Why is the term saturation named as such?
Why political movement was named for Joseph McCarthy?
Why aren't the deficit values affected by the currency swap with Goldman Sachs relevant to Greece's Eurozone entry?
Why are Eiji Yoshikawa's books popular?
Why can outgassing products ruin a space mission?
What happened at the same time as the crash, which may have contributed to the government downplaying it?
Why did the Chinese government ban Windows 8 based products?
What happened to geology during the Scientific Revolution?
Why did Iran have to build its own military hardware, vehicles, and weapons after the 1979 Revolution?
Why was this classification made?
What causes the Southeast Asian regions to experience wet & dry seasons?
Why is Beyoncé known as the centerpiece of Destiny's Child?
What happened to the BeiDou-1D satellite that needed to be repaired?
Why was marshal law declared in Burma in 1989?
What caused Eisenhower's stroke of 1957?
Why are there multiple variations of texts before the advent of the printing press?
What happens when a cold is treated with antibiotics?
What happened to Peter Stahl when he fell asleep flying?
Why was the OKL forced to improvise?
Why did it receive this award?
Why did Naples remain neutral?
Why is communal roosting common?
Why do some countries display numbers in chunks of two to four numbers?
Why are certain bacteria called predatory?
What was the purpose of the 1889 Universal Exposition?
Why were the protesters arrested?
What happened to the sites rules in Dec. 2010?
What can happen if people are exposed to antibiotics at a young age?
Why did the government refuse to allow the London Underground stations to be used as shelters?
Why were new plants arriving in Europe in the 18th century?
What was the result of the change in color in the Rothko Passion of the Christ murals?
Why did Morse retire?
Why was the Republic of Novgorod doing so well while the Kievan Rus declined?
What caused a spike in difficulties between settlers and indigenous peoples on the western plains after the Civil War?
What happened to loyal Roman Catholicism priests?
What was the purpose of the thermionic triode?
Why did the US have troops on Okinawa?
Why does Ashkenazim represent the overwhelming majority of Jews in the New World continents?
Why didn't California officially become  bilingual?
Why type of scholar is music journalist Simon Reynolds?
What causes clicks and pops on vinyl records?
Why can't Mexico City become a state?
Why did the first elected head of government of Mexico City resign?
Why did Ferdinand feel comfortable withdrawing troops from the eastern front?
Why were civic and political leaders worried about Dowdings?
Why was the X-Gerat frequencies used more?
Why was philosophy taught in Ottoman madaris?
Why did demonstrators attack Russian soldiers in Khujand?
Why did SEPTA rail service get cut?
Why were peripheral pattern theory and gate control theory left behind?
Why DC system can effect the speed of trains?
Why was Kevin Keegan concerned about the league in May of 2008?
Why was Spielberg's Cecil B. DeMille Award postponed from 2008?
What happened to home equity when housing prices decreased?
Why are the Jehovah's Witnesses reluctant to alert authorities to abuse?
Why is the king allowed to appoint members of parliament?
Why is trophy hunting important to conservation in Africa?
Why is there a debate as to dubbing the diamondback terrapin the oldest indigenous land vertebrate?
Why did the US president say the Incursion of Florida was neccessary
Why were the first 256 code points made identical to ISO-8859-1?
Why did the Popes of the middle ages wear red?
Why were the first three games of the 1945 World Series played in Detroit?
Why did the Russian Orthodox Church and Federation of Jewish Communities of Russian asked members to boycott the concert?
Why did the X Corps leave Hungnam?
Why are annelids' segments like water-balloons?
Why would Guam becoming a commonwealth be so important?
What happened to Muslims during Holy Roman rule?
Why did they destroy the nuclear reactor?
What is the purpose of buying commercial paper in a time of financial crisis?
What happens to the energy that an incandescent bulb does not convert into light?
What causes symptoms such as lethargy and copper deficiency?
Why is efficiency sometimes lost in phosphor-based LEDs?
Why are larger cathedrals and churches associated with the Gothic style?
What happened in 1893 that destroyed most of the mosaics in the mosque?
What was the purpose of breathing exercises to a Daoist?
What happened in June 1859?
What is the purpose of a pub name?
Why has Thai alphabet support been criticized? 
Why did the Korean Communists and the Soviets refuse to cooperate in the elections and creation of independent Korea?
What happened that allowed the United States to have Guam?
Why was the campus police established?
What causes glaciers to deform and flow?
Why did the King of England have issues with parliment in the 17th century?
Why would a transmitter have additional adjustments?
Why were multiple holidays seized by the Catholic population?
Why was Mayor Bob Filner asked to resign?
What happened to Harsha's empire after his death?
What happens at Broadway below 8th Street?
Why do researchers believe the social event reporting by adolescents (rather than sexual activity) is important?
Why is the National bird of importance?
Why can't glaciers form in polar deserts?
Why did the British and Americans want to cede most of Eritrea to the Ethiopians?
Why did the city not grow during the Civil War?
Why is Egypt considered a cradle of civilisation?
Why do developing countries not wash their hands as much as other countries?
Why are Dzongkha, Sikkimese, Sherpa, and Ladakhi considered to be separate languages?
Why does BYU's Winter semester end earlier than most colleges?
What was the purpose of Russell's group?
What can happen to an arrogant wrestler? 
Why did Professor Skousen gather fragments and have them analyzed?
What happened two years after San Diego elected it's first mayor?
Why were decoy towns used in WW2
What would happen if a lower court tried to enforce an unconstitutional statute?
what is the purpose of a mailbox provider? 
Why was the Somers Isles Company's charter revoked?
What happened to Britain during the 17th century?
Why is racism so bad in the non white LGBT community?
What happened to John Francis after his second attempt to fire on the Queen?
What happens in the rare case the government doesn't approve of a law that has passed both houses?
Why were italian bonds purchased by the ECB?
Why did most scientists accept the validity of evolution by the 1870s, but considered natural selection a minor part of it?
What caused the number of Turkish soldiers to decrease?
Why do sexual organisms have two copies of each chromosome?
What happens after the 5 year embargo that allows Ancestry.com exclusive use of digitized records?
What happens when members increase their deposits?
Why does land availability have an effect on solar energy?
Why is it possible to distinguish UTF-8 from other protocols?
Why do birds primarily migrate?
What is the purpose of networks of channels in microcolonies?
Why were sales of the Power Mac G4 Cube slow?
Why was the Royal College of Chemistry founded?
Why did pritz klein come up with the KSOG?
What happened to the Grand Secretariat?
Why are children from suburban communities more likely to participate in activies that benefit their identity?
What caused the second election of 2012? 
What caused the resurface of the Grecian monotony in politics ?
What happens during refining?
What happens during "laser lock"?
What happens to children with congenital insensitivity to pain?
Why did the 2 districts have to be redrawn in 2014 
Why were there armor changes in the 1500s?
Why overhead wires are not being widely used?
What happened when the UGLE was formed in 1813?
Why are dogs viewed as unclean in Islam?
Why didn't Yonten Gyatso make it to Beijing?
Why was the first settlement named Paleapolis?
What was the purpose of top secret ICBM committee?
What caused the British East India Company to lose control of India?
Why was the new iMac G4 considerably more expensive than the G3?
Why were a series of fortifications in the Maurienne valley built?
What causes the government to exert greater control over broadcast media than print media?
What led to the increased use of armor in the 12th century?
What was the result of the whole cladera being above sea level during the Ice Ages?
Why is spirometry so commonly used to diagnose asthma?
Why can't those countries compete? 
Why were problems created when transferring files between systems?
Why was the use of organochlorine hydrocarbons ended?
Why was Ohio allowed to use a biblical passage as its motto?
What is the purpose of an arrested-recovery system?
Why did the Normans adopt a Byzantine art style?
What happens when a name is defective or misleading?
What happens to the subject and object to produce a passive voice in Czech?
Why does the Catholic Church not recognize the ordination of Protestant ministers?
what happens to the reflected wave which allows the antenna to reach its asympotic feedpoint impedance?
Why were some multiracial children sent to Europe?
Why were the bison killed?
Why have these recent immigrants had trouble becoming permanent residents?
What happens to copper if an electrical current gets too high?
Why did the Cork Tramway Company stop operations?
Why does the sequence of one strand completely specify the sequence of its complement?
What happens to a multilateral treaty's rights and obligations among the other parties when just one party withdraws?
Why was San Diego eligible for two VHF channels?
Why was "An Act for Liberty to Erect a Collegiate School" proposed?
Why did the oversea nominations discontinue?
What happens if one is not able to prove ancestral claim on full citizenship ?
What was the purpose of the IBM DBMS?
Why is it said that the Italian style can't hold their own session? 
Why did Kim's war plan need revising?
What caused the most production disruption?
Why did Blacks move to Detroit in the middle if the 20th century?
What causes the southern fringe to receive cloudiness and   rainfall?
Why was Plymouth targeted the most?
What happened which ended in two puppet states dissolving and Soviet withdrawal out of Iran after WWII?
What happened since 1997?
Why is French taught in school?
Why are salts good  for thermal storage?
What caused the HMS Prince to sink?
Why was Victorias eyesight clouded?
Why dd the Peasants of Ukraine join the Cossacks?
Why is Israel referred to as the 51st state?
Why do persistent infections occur?
Why did Hitler feel the Luftwaffe was unsuccessful in bombing raids?
What caused these one-time agriculturalists to become foragers??
What is the purpose of the Phase-two mode?
Why would families perfer labour done at the home as opposed to the factory?
What caused a problem within the Korean Communist Party?
Why do motors have little space for insulation?
What caused the electrical telegraph to be delayed for some time?
Why are seabirds from the southern hemisphere more likely to migrate?
Why did the Mongol princes ask for titles?
What was the purpose of this order?
Why were the Fennica and Nordica chartered?
What caused a dramatic shift in Italian sentiment toward the war?
What was the result of the naval encounter between Britain and France?
Why were the non nobles and nobles referred as the same term?
Why did Bell labs create their new type of capacitor?
Why did the train catch fire?
Why did Madrid cede the territory to the US 
Why were the Tucson Padres temporarily in Tucson?
What is the purpose of testing software?
Why did Dyke only want the larger clubs featured on national television?
Why did Poland deny the proposal of the Soviet Union protecting them from a German Attack?
Why is the port so important?
Why is Iranian cuisine so diverse besides being influenced by other cultures?
Why was the People's Republic of Korea not recognized?
Why is it hard to find the origin of the word Tajik?
Why is tort law hard to standardize?
Why would editors only want two alternative branches when analyzing a text?
Why are villages considering becoming car free zones?
Why is Lisbon a popular stopover for many foreign airlines?
What happens as a record wears?
Why was the referendum in 2008 ?
Why was COBOL created?
What led to the last great Taínos rebellion?
Why did Gladstone resign in 1885? 
What happens to the right channel in a player that doesn't recognize AC-3?
Why do refineries like to buy bitumen instead of synthetic oil?
Why do some Muslims oppose allowing women to reveal more of themselves?
What happens in a market when there is competition?
What caused the decrease in commerce and production in the 14th century?
Why did many of the proposed mega casinos never get further than the initial planning stages?
What caused the deaths of many school children?
What happened to Libya's laws as a result of the first point of Gaddafi's speech?
Why did Steele think people were not attacking Barrack Obama?
Why did Palermo substancially grow in size?
What is the purpose of NCAZ?
Why are older manuscripts preferred?
Why did the CTRC send out a bulletin to broadcasters?
What caused the nobility to leave Valencia?
Why did defence infrastructure become the major source of Bermuda's economy?
Why does the collector voltage drop in grounded-emitter transistor circuits?
What is the purpose of polyribosomes in bacteria?
What happens to infected plant cells?
What happens to amino acids that are left over after the body has converted what it can to glucose?
Why didn't Gaddafi learn to speak English?
Why are Avian hearts larger than mammalian hearts when compared to body mass?
Why are adult standards format radio stations declining?
Why do birds need to perceive ultraviolet light?
What caused a 2012 spike in Comcast profits?
What causes food in Alaskan cities to be relatively expensive?
Why were Londoners forced to sleep in shelters?
What happened to the people that sentenced Priscillian to death?
What causes the frequencies outside of the bandwidth to be unusable?
Why did they decide against shifting code?
What causes this to be exacerbated?
Why are patents criticized?
Why does Catalan share many traits with other Romance languages?
Why did Microsoft decrease the required resoultion for tablets?
Why did Nasser abandon the Presidential Council?
Why are there so few surviving mosaics from the Komnenian period?
What happened to Russia's subdivision of government? 
Why is using racial categorization for profiling often criticized? 
Why was Beshuzev happy to put the troops on the Livonian-Lithunian border?
What happens to a digimon after they evolve?
What happened in the Glided Age/
Why was the second decline in popularity not a strong as the first?