Why did the then Prime Minister Themba Dlamini declare a humanitarian crisis?
To what end did he focus on complex physical problems during a temporary depression following the destruction of Hiroshima by the Manhattan Project bomb?
To what end did the government begin a series of controversial downtown public housing projects that led to the demolition of many neighborhoods and the proliferation of high-rise buildings?
To what end was the Council convened?
But why never become a state?
Why are the terms sometimes used interchangeably?
Why is this period also significant?
Why hasn't Nasser been fully able to address Syria's problems?
For what purpose are cognitive activity in the form of judgments , evaluations , or thoughts are necessary ?
For what purpose do The mas bands pass " The Stage " ?
Why do Mennonites in the country stand ?
To what end does The Swanky Shutters on the Beach Hotel offer a trip to the famous Santa Monica Farmers Market?
For what purpose is This done ?
Why were the Netherlands Antilles so important to Japan?
To what end have several caretaker managers gone several caretakers?
Why was Rams quarterback Kurt Warner, who was MVP of Super Bowl XXXIV, first noticed?
Why did Madonna make an estimated $125 million?
Why was it not possible to apply these measurements correctly to cameras that did not generate sRGB files in an uncompressed format such as TIFF?
For what purpose have parts of ships been interconnected for a long time?
What is the purpose of a group of businessmen meeting behind closed doors?
Why have improvised pidgins of the languages arisen ?
To what end has China begun to blend traditions of Taoism, Buddhism, and Confucianism with Whitehead's "constructive post-modern" philosophy to create an "ecological civilization"?
For what purpose was A governing territorial council elected ?
Why did the government of Guam propose a commonwealth ?
Why did the latter immigrants have greater difficulties in settling permanently than the immigrants from British colonies in the West Indies?
Why did North Indian music and dance become popular during the reign of the Mughals and Nizams?
Why do they soak the warmth on rocky ledges?
What is Gephardt [minority leader] for?
Why has this led to better compatibility with non-Apple machines?
Why match 7 to 9 "tones," [quote required] correctly designated tone classes according to the traditional Chinese system?
To what end did Darwin publish his theory?
To what end did these men come to London only to discover that the literary market was simply incapable of supporting a large number of writers who were already very poorly paid by the publishing company - the book trade guilds?
What was the purpose of the applications?
Why was a semi-finalist, Delano Cagnolatti, disqualified?
Why Should effective as a large poster prove ?
To what end did the early persecuted Muslims flee to various places in the region, including the town of Zeila in what is now northern Somalia?
Why did more than 9 million soldiers die on the various battlefields?
Why is the government sacrificing Hong Kong's image?
Why were there few naval battles in the Korean War?
To what end did Yerkes analyze the sexual behavior of chimpanzees?
Why did English Freemasonry come to a halt almost in 1799?
To what end did kings sometimes divide power evenly between two or more ministers?
To what end have a new generation of clubs like Liverpool's Cream and the Ministry of Sound opened?
Why have attempts to use regular telephone networks to transmit slow-scan video, such as the first systems developed by AT & T Corporation that were first explored in the 1950s, failed?
To what end did Jews enforce coercion?
What is the purpose of a serious reform of their methods?
Why have his Canadian broadcasters turned most of their channels into digital?
What is the purpose of the < br > - @ person Federal Open Market Committee meeting eight times a year?
Why does the height of the minus figures vary?
Why did it object?
Why is The Rodeo Parade a popular event?
Why has relegation been avoided?
Why is the location of Nanjing wonderful?
Why did Italy become a major industrial country again?
Why can regulations also restrict the use of lead in ammunition?
Cornwallis was killed in the Battle of Cowan's Ford in the Battle of Cowan's Ford in the Battle of Cowan's Ford on February 1, 1781.
For what purpose did by V - Disc produce the six - minute 12-inch ( 30 cm ) 78 rpm records ?
Why are olfactory lobes proportionally larger in the brains of mammals than in reptiles?
What is the purpose of sometimes building two lifts?
Why is to draw a clear line between agricultural and hunter - gatherer societies difficult sometimes ?
To what end has Nearchus come?
Why has the debate deepened?
To what end does the agreement of both groups require a system?
Why can the brightness be regulated with simple TRIAC dimmers?
To what end do the richer countries sometimes promote territorial reforms?
Why was he recommended for the Silver Bravery Medal?
To what end was the construction of an underground railway system started in 1968?
To what end did Sirleaf entrust it to the SCSL after its inauguration?
To what end do witnesses from a number of congregations who form a "cycle" gather twice a year?
To what end did the zoning of 1916 require setbacks in new construction?
Why, after the founding of the People's Republic of China, did Nanjing gradually become a consumerist metropolis in the first half of the twentieth century?
Why was it accepted ?
To what end were they originally organised?
To what end have several proposals been made?
For what purpose do The mas bands converge on the Queen 's Park Savannah eventually ?
Why has the referendum turned in favour of continued association with France?
What is the use of additional scissors if the compensation system uses cables in the pit below the elevator?
Why do they all help in the final battle of the current heroes?
Why did Victoria and Albert attend the opening of a new basin in the French military port of Cherbourg on 5 August 1858?
For what purpose did the English - French squadron enter the Black Sea on 22 December 1853?
Why did the sheriffs deny passports to people who wanted to watch?
To what end has Ottens, Director of Philips "Audio Division, founded a small group?
Why were there no major attacks?
Why can we not know anything universal or infinite like God?
For what purpose does the new " Hybrid Boot " mode hibernate the Windows kernel on shutdown ?
To what end, therefore, have many tribes promoted marriage between the two groups?
What was the purpose of the Philadelphia and Atlantic City Railways?
To what end can titles be patched while the game itself needs to be programmed to take advantage of 3D technology?
Why was arsenic used as a poison at that time?
To what end did the ICC issue arrest warrants on 27 June against Gaddafi, his son Saif al-Islam, and his brother-in-law Abdullah Senussi, the head of state security?
Why do great variations occur in the climatic conditions of Himachal?
For what purpose were the two converging rays shown?
For what purpose did the emperor live me?
For what purpose is done by man hunting wildlife or wild animals most commonly?
For what purpose are buildings such as hospitals and nursing homes usually the size of their emergency generators?
For what purpose did multiple elements , often half - wave dipoles wire together together ?
To what end are recommendations on water consumption contained in two recent European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) (2010) documents: (i) Dietary Guidelines and (ii) Nutritional Indicators for Water or Adequate Daily Intake (FDI)?
Why do viewers who want to follow the career development of actresses such as Barbara Stanwyck or Greta Garbo, or actors such as Cary Grant or Humphrey Bogart, have the unique opportunity to see most of the films made during their careers from start to finish?
To what end did the mammalian brain invest heavily in odor?
Why are the data generalizations?
Why are cigarettes vilified?
Why was the closing ceremony at Justin Herman Plaza cancelled?
Why was evidence obtained by the FBI from phone tapping inadmissible in court?
For what purpose does the media in these countries reveal too much ?
Why does the government have greater control over the broadcast media than the print media?
To what end did she take further lessons from guitarist Monte Pittman?
For what purpose did Gaddafi walk 20 miles during the week during the week ?
To what end has Egypt not done more?
Why do we cry ?
To what end did the RCC enact an end to the limitations of monarchy - parties from the era and the withdrawal of the Free Officers from politics?
What was the purpose of the operations?
Why is there a broad discretion under criminal law?
To what end did he soon renounce rhetoric, medicine, and astronomy?
For what purpose do the revolt suppress ?
Why did the population quadruple by 1880?
For what purpose did the stadium have to be rebuilt in 1980?
For what purpose did a change in plate motions set the stage during the middle Ordovician Period ( about 496 - 440 Ma ) ?
In 1878, New York lawyer Albon Man founded the Electro - Dynamic Light Company.
Why did John's attempt to defeat Philip in 1214 fail?
Why do the Persians remain neutral?
To what end did the 1986 Constitutional Act reform the New Zealand Constitution?
Why are household genes used as an experimental control in the analysis of gene expression?
Why did the Seleucid Empire have considerable freedom from central control?
Why has Armenia provided them with new equipment in recent years for a total price of $1?
Why does the audience clap?
For what purpose were copies of the Koran kept, since it would have been too expensive for most Muslims to buy a manuscript in mosques?
To what end is the last Arab leader accompanying him?
Why does air transport remain the most efficient form of transport within and outside the state?
For what purpose were 3,000 police deployed according to Hong Kong Chief Secretary for Administration Henry Tang ?
Why was the writer Tan Zuoren sentenced to prison?
To what end can manganese be added in small quantities?
For what purpose was a second Fort Hale built next to the original in 1863?
Why isn't that part of his intent? '
Why is inbreeding generally avoided?
Why did the city continue to reach by canal and wagon for years?
For what purpose do the game official(s ) declare the game in exceptional cases ?
To what end have the Enlisted Reserve Corps and Officer Reserve Corps been increased?
Why did Von Neumann join the government (Manhattan Project)?
Why is tourism an important industry?
For what purpose did 18 women appear in the following six weeks?
For what purpose is active tuberculosis best treated with combinations of several antibiotics?
To what end have permanent mentors been brought in that begin in the tenth season [quote needed] that begin in the tenth season [quote needed]?
To what end did Zhou and a Chinese delegation leave for Moscow on October 8th?
Why do reptiles like Adder and Viper keep the snow line?
Why should the island voluntarily give up its tax-free status?
To what end did Kelp continually grow up at the base of the blade?
For what purpose did streams bring rock debris down?
Why does the continuous - hole and surface mounting construction often have to be combined in a single installation?
To what end has air been blown?
To what end can a person use thousands of watts, a multiple of 746 watts in an official horsepower?
Why did he use his prize money for endowment funds (the "Volta Fund") and institutions in and around Washington, D.C.?
To what end did the new government designate the French army as the first of many such clashes between the army and the new workers "movements in Europe?
For what purpose does The army provide trained forces to the combatant commanders ?
Why did The Times switch to compact size in 2004?
To what end did US Senators Herb Kohl and Joe Lieberman call a hearing before Congress on 9 December 1993?
Why is the legality of this law being debated?
To what end has Tucson committed itself to conserving water and groundwater instead of moving away from a series of Tucson wells in favor of conservation, consumption - based on prices for residential and commercial water use and new wells in the more sustainable Avra Valley aquifer, northwest of the city?
To what end do large unstable areas of the warm ocean, warmed for months, give some of their thermal energy when?
Why is to do two different tasks ( one verbal and one visual ) easier ?
For what purpose did the Cooper and Ashley Rivers come together where ?
Why is this a myth according to Kees Immink?
To what end did the Qing take steps by simultaneously appointing officials recruited from the clergy to key positions?
Why did the federal government reject the version of a commonwealth that the government of Guam proposed , ?
Why is it difficult nowadays to obtain accurate information about child labour?
For what purpose did Kinsey report scores independently ?
Why did they only check their own phone lines?
Why does Alaska have the easternmost longitude in the United States?
Why was he called "Parthenias" or "maiden"?
Why did the movement spread to around 80 million followers across the British Empire, the United States, and beyond?
For what purpose are the buttons of the North American version colored?
To what end have some software developers adopted it?
To what end did Johnson oversee state practices and enforce constitutional voting rights for African Americans and other minorities?
For what purpose is White - balancing required still ?
For what purpose has man , who at times dreamt of himself as a little lower than the angels submitted ?
Why did Robert Fisk, seven times British Journalist of the Year, resign as a foreign correspondent in 1988?
To what end has a Convention of Citizens convened?
For what purpose be referendums held in Puerto Rico ?
For what purpose is the galvanized core coated with a thin layer of copper?
Why is The use of AC not is feasible ?
What was the purpose of the Tuvalu Borrow Pits Remediation (BPR) project approved in 2014?
Why was the only role assigned to women in the Church that of nuns?
Why did The committee consider an eight - bit code ?
Why was all philosophy was political " in effect ?
To what end has the Holy Spirit covered them?
To what end did the Soviets grant access to the North Sea route to Germany, even though only the Handelsraider Komet used the route before the German invasion), even though only the Handelsraider Komet used the route before the German invasion?
Why does Melbourne's CBD contain five of Australia's six tallest buildings, the tallest of which is the Eureka Tower, located in Southbank compared to other Australian cities?
Why do we strike ?
To what end did the signals sent to the cutting head emphasize in the area of heights?
To what end have they done this?
Why was his 2008 album 808s & Heartbreak commercially successful?
Why have URLs been removed in comments before?
Why can some closely related bacteria have very different morphologies and metabolism?
For what purpose was the sternum tipped?
Why did crossbows, as they were known in late antiquity, increase?
Why must a better sound than normal vinyl have been reported?
To what end did many scholars propose the Indo-Aryan migration theory?
For what purpose is God as he is in himself could not approach evil spirits directly ?
To what end was Main Street Station, designed by Wilson, Harris and Richards, returned to its original purpose?
To what end did the University of Notre Dame establish the Office of Sustainability in 2008?
Why was Sharia unsuitable for the Jamahiriya?
For what purpose do Positive hydrogen ions from HCl and negative hydroxide ions from NaOH combine ?
To what end will pollution be reduced?
Why is vegetation used as an indicator of climate type ?
Why can electrons move around the nucleus only at fixed distances from the nucleus ?
Why can you hear around corners ?
For what purpose have curators of the Outdoor Exploratory in San Francisco set themselves a radius of 3 km?
For what purpose is the water returned to the blood ?
Why did proving Aristotles views to be incorrect point flaws in the church ?
Why does the sand does has get so hot while the water does not ?
What is the purpose of this exhibition?
Why did Death rates rise ?
Why did The fossils form within the rocks ?
For what purpose do two hydrogen molecules react with one oxygen molecule?
Why are Many mollusks ( clams , snails , octopi , and squid ) found as molds and casts ?
Why can scientists is know if a model designed to predict the future is likely to be accurate , how ?
Why do they need help breathing ?
Why has almost every galaxy moved away from Earth?
Why can we see rainbows ?
Why did The direction of the pendulum appear ?
For what purpose does Rod buy a wire knife?
Why are they used in floor wax and similar products ?
For what purpose did The lands move apart later ?
For what purpose did Laurentia and Gondwana collide when ?
For what purpose have They give their few valence electrons ?
Why is Quick burial essential ?
For what purpose do protons of hydrogen atoms combine in the sun as well as in other stars?
For what purpose do this creative music video : MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL watch ?
Why does its not remove from the statue ?
Why is air in the stratosphere stable ?
Why did Early sailors and navigators find the Mercator map useful ?
For what purpose does heat from the burning coal boil the water in the boiler?
Why can the blood not reach the heart when ?
For what purpose must Land be given ?
Why are concussions treated among athletes and in professional sports very seriously ?
For what purpose are Potassium and sodium needed ?
For what purpose do this amazing video : http://video watch ?
For what purpose do Oceanic island arcs collide with continents ?
Why does the moon circle around Earth rather than the sun ?
Why do All the particles in the rings be like little moons ?
Why is for countries to predict how serious water shortages will be each year difficult ?
For what purpose do the cell walls of plants break ?
For what purpose do the cell walls of plants break ?
For what purpose do Fireflies give visible light ?
Why were several measures taken to secure the toxic wastes ?
Why should Venus is be in crescent phase as viewed from the Earth in the Ptolemaic system always ?
Why are Ocean zones divided ?
For what purpose do He hammer a piece of hot iron ?
For what purpose did The technology need ?
Why can problems with the nervous system affect the entire body ?
Why are The poles called north and south ?
For what purpose did anoles that lived on the forest floor evolve long legs ?
For what purpose do the tides add how ?
Why do People die ?
To what end do cars need energy from fossil fuels?
Why does carbon need four more electrons to fill its external energy level?
Why are gamma rays are the most energetic of all electromagnetic waves ?
Why are they called ventricles ?
Why is the air resistance against the parachute greater than the body of the parachutist?
For what purpose did reactants place under great pressure in a lab or factory ?
For what purpose do the animation at this URL watch ?
For what purpose do this video watch http MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below ?
For what purpose did Millions of acres of forest burn ?
Why do farmers use wasteful irrigation methods when water - efficient methods are available ?
Why do restaurants avoid ?
For what purpose are you are dominant ?
For what purpose does The technology need to advance ?
For what purpose do the nuclei of atoms come together in these reactions ?
For what purpose must One of two things happen ?
Why was this measure not supported by the scientific community?
For what purpose does The car jack put 7000 joules of work ?
Why does laundry detergent clean your clothes ?
For what purpose must They go through metamorphosis ?
For what purpose does the brain and eyes work together ?
For what purpose do biceps and triceps muscles work together?
Why is the Earth a magnet?
To what end does laying sand on an icy pavement increase friction?
For what purpose can the ions move freely?
Why is It found in all living organisms ?
Why has climate stability been beneficial to human civilisation?
Why are Metals are especially good thermal conductors ?
For what purpose are Six H needed in the reactants now ?
For what purpose do the forest remove ?
Why do We make maps of the surface using radar ?
Why are reactions of acids and bases called neutralization reactions ?
For what purpose do Imaging satellites take pictures of Earths surface ?
Why did The Greeks give this name the planet ?
Why can You see through a transparent object , such as the revolving glass doors in the figure , clearly ?
Why do Brain and spinal cord injuries occur most commonly ?
Why is solar power being developed in the United States in southeastern California , Nevada , and Arizona ?
Why does London get a lot of rain ?
Why do It taste bitter ?
For what purpose can a doctor prescribe stronger medicine if the pain is severe ?
What is the purpose of homeostasis?
Why has Atmospheric CO2 increased over the past five decades ?
Why are they have more electrons in their outer energy level than elements on the left side or in the middle of the periodic table ?
For what purpose is oxygen used in cellular respiration ?
To what end are they breaking chemicals?
For what purpose do you need to make these muscles contract against a resisting force ?
For what purpose are Almost all the structures in the ear needed ?
For what purpose did Enzymes nt use in the reactions ?
Why ca we nt see black holes ?
For what purpose does QUEST journey back ?
Why has The cool water flows into a return pipe rather than going directly to another radiator ?
For what purpose is the rock crushed ?
For what purpose did He make holes in the balls ?
Why did the continents change their shapes and positions during Earth history ?
To what end do many of these reactions require catalysts?
Why were they named the blocks of time from towns or other local places where the rock layers that represented that time were found ?
Why may Objects such as ships float in a fluid like water ?
For what purpose did Existing rocks erode ?
Why is Venus very bright ?
What is the purpose of the animation "temperature monitoring?
Why will the dominant normal gene mask the recessive colorblind gene ?
For what purpose is natural gas burned like coal and oil ?
For what purpose did Trans fat add to foods ?
For what purpose may a drug user need more of the drug over time ?
Why does A puffy down jacket keep you warm in the winter ?
Why are the rings are almost perpendicular to the planets orbit ?
Why ca You nt see the droplets from a sneeze normally ?
For what purpose is A source of energy needed ?
Why was more than 8000 people lost their lives ?
Why did Marie Curie die ?
Why be it be ?
For what purpose does Earths internal heat not depend on the Sun ?
Why do most other marine organisms visit the photic zone at least ?
Why are The curves called meanders ?
For what purpose does Carson apply forces to his scooter ?
For what purpose does an organism use its hands and arms?
Why be keeping costs down be a problem for fish farmers ?
Why is cleaning polluted groundwater very costly ?
Why did you notice that you lose your sense of taste when your nose is stuffed up ? That s ever ?
For what purpose do an experiment involving a ship and the ocean design ?
Why does rubbing your hands together make them warmer ?
Why can many reactions occur?
Why does Drinking sewage - contaminated water cause waterborne diseases ?
Why is one electron added for each added proton?
For what purpose do you follow it then ?
Why is it expressed in the same unit that is used for work ?
Why do clouds develop regions of positive and negative charge during a rainstorm ?
For what purpose do http://science see ?
Why can convex mirrors gather light from a wide area ?
For what purpose can Fuel be do released ?
Why is Refining possible ?
For what purpose does It lose its one valence electron easily ?
For what purpose is by the burning wood produced enough heat if you start one piece of wood burning without any further help from you ?
For what purpose do Cancer cells take a lot of glucose ?
For what purpose does a sphincter relax after a certain amount of feces have collected ?
For what purpose has Lavoisier been called the father of modern chemistry ?
To what end can this gas be intercepted?
To what end is the chain of carbon atoms connected in a cyclic molecule in a cyclic molecule?
Why do their outlets grow ?
To what end do all chemical reactions, including exothermic reactions, require a certain amount of energy?
For what purpose can Astronomers study light from stars ?
Why be Installing a geothermal system be very costly how- ever ?
For what purpose did the oxygen atoms count ?
For what purpose does the skull surround the brain ?
For what purpose do You depend on many muscles also ?
Why is Getting STIs no big deal ?
Why does a cactus population in the Sonoran Desert show any scattering at all?
Why may a metamorphic rock have a new mineral composition and/or texture ?
Why is 3 brown ?
What was the purpose of putting a heavy apron over your body?
Why are these organisms not doing photosynthesis?
For what purpose do the atoms of each type count on both sides of the arrow ?
Why are SI units are easy to use ?
Why do you think children and fetuses are more susceptible ?
Why do objects have different velocities ?
Why is scientists know no way ?
Why is the SI unit for weight the newton ( N ) ?
Why appear green?
Why are by the same difference in elevation separated two different contour ?
For what purpose are Fluids pumped through a borehole ?
Why does a lunar eclipse last for hours ?
For what purpose do polluting water avoid ?
To what end does carbon combine with oxygen in the air?
Why do These ancient greenstones indicate the presence of subduction zones ?
For what purpose do carbon dioxide and water combine with solar energy during photosynthesis ?
For what purpose do Spacecraft travel great distances ?
Why is Jogging hot work ?
Why didn't you miss it?
For what purpose does The heat of cooking kill any bacteria the foods may contain ?
Why does Warm air rise ?
Why do ice ages occur only when land masses cover the polar regions?
For what purpose must it be removed if a kidney stone blocks a ureter ?
For what purpose did birth rates fall eventually ?
For what purpose must They determine the concentration of the contaminant ?
For what purpose do this video watch ?
For what purpose are large tracts of land cleaned efficiently?
For what purpose does tRNA bring an amino acid to the ribosome ?
For what purpose do topographic maps have a scale like other maps ?
For what purpose do the nuclei of two atoms combine in a nuclear fusion reaction ?
Why has Land heats ?
Why does basketball have mechanical energy?
For what purpose does native cactus need little water?
For what purpose is It frozen in rock ?
For what purpose can Most people survive without consuming water only a few days ?
For what purpose does The recycled compost break down gradually ?
Why does it reflect light from a wide range?
Why does it nt fall toward you instead of toward Earth ?
For what purpose do He need a way to organize the elements ?