The then Prime Minister Themba Dlamini declared a humanitarian crisis due to the combined effect of drought , land degradation , increased poverty , and HIV / AIDS . [SEP] due to the combined effect of drought , land degradation , increased poverty , and HIV / AIDS
During a temporary depression following the destruction of Hiroshima by the bomb produced by the Manhattan Project , he focused on complex physics problems , not for utility , but for self - satisfaction . [SEP] not for utility , but for self - satisfaction
To counter the trend towards low - density suburban residential growth , the government began a series of controversial public housing projects in the inner city by the Housing Commission of Victoria , which resulted in demolition of many neighbourhoods and a proliferation of high - rise towers . [SEP] To counter the trend towards low - density suburban residential growth
[ The Council was convoked for the purpose of inquiring into the charges against Athanasius and other bishops , on account of which they were deposed from their sees by the Semi - Arian Synod of Antioch ( 341 ) , and went into exile . [SEP] for the purpose of inquiring into the charges against Athanasius and other bishops
Because of a clause in the Mexican Constitution , however , as the seat of the powers of the Union , it can never become a state , lest the capital of the country be relocated elsewhere . [SEP] Because of a clause in the Mexican Constitution
Because pipes correspond 1-to-1 to endpoints , the terms are sometimes used interchangeably . [SEP] Because pipes correspond 1-to-1 to endpoints
This period is also significant because it marked the transition of American manufacturing to the industrial revolution . [SEP] because it marked the transition of American manufacturing to the industrial revolution
Aburish states that Nasser was not fully capable of addressing Syrian problems because they were " foreign to him " . [SEP] because they were " foreign to him "
There are some theories on emotions arguing that cognitive activity in the form of judgments , evaluations , or thoughts are necessary in order for an emotion to occur . [SEP] in order for an emotion to occur
The mas bands eventually converge on the Queen 's Park Savannah to pass on " The Stage " for judging . [SEP] for judging
Mennonites in the country stand out because of their light skin , hair , and eyes . [SEP] because of their light skin , hair , and eyes
The swanky Shutters on the Beach Hotel offers a trip to the famous Santa Monica Farmers Market to select and influence the materials that will become that evening 's special " Market Dinner . [SEP] to select and influence the materials that will become that evening 's special " Market Dinner
This is done to limit the temporal spread of quantization noise accompanying the transient . [SEP] to limit the temporal spread of quantization noise accompanying the transient
From as early as 1935 Japanese military strategists had concluded the Dutch East Indies were , because of their oil reserves , of considerable importance to Japan . [SEP] because of their oil reserves
Several caretaker managers have gone on to secure a permanent managerial post after performing well as a caretaker ; examples include Paul Hart at Portsmouth and David Pleat at Tottenham Hotspur . [SEP] a caretaker
Louis Rams quarterback Kurt Warner , who was MVP of Super Bowl XXXIV , was first noticed because he played quarterback for the AFL 's Iowa Barnstormers . [SEP] because he played quarterback for the AFL 's Iowa Barnstormers
Madonna was named the top - earning celebrity of the year by Forbes , earning an estimated $ 125 million , due to the success of the tour . [SEP] due to the success of the tour
Because the 1998 version of ISO 12232 did not permit measurement of camera output that had lossy compression , it was not possible to correctly apply any of those measurements to cameras that did not produce sRGB files in an uncompressed format such as TIFF . [SEP] Because the 1998 version of ISO 12232 did not permit measurement of camera output that had lossy compression
For this reason it has long been used to line parts of ships to protect against barnacles and mussels . [SEP] to protect against barnacles and mussels
She wrote to John Vickers , the OFT director - general , saying , " They are not a group of businessmen meeting behind closed doors to fix the price of their products to the disadvantage of the consumer . [SEP] to fix the price of their products to the disadvantage of the consumer
Since then , " Czechoslovak " refers to improvised pidgins of the languages which have arisen from the decrease in mutual intelligibility . [SEP] from the decrease in mutual intelligibility
In order to address the challenges of modernization and industrialization , China has begun to blend traditions of Taoism , Buddhism , and Confucianism with Whitehead 's " constructive post - modern " philosophy in order to create an " ecological civilization . [SEP] In order to address the challenges of modernization and industrialization
A governing territorial council was elected for its administration , which has provided the island with a certain degree of autonomy . [SEP] for its administration , which has provided the island with a certain degree of autonomy
However , the federal government rejected the version of a commonwealth that the government of Guam proposed , due to it having clauses incompatible with the Territorial Clause ( Art . [SEP] due to it having clauses incompatible with the Territorial Clause ( Art
Unlike immigrants from British colonies in the West Indies , the latter immigrants have had greater difficulty in becoming permanent residents as they lacked British citizenship , mostly spoke no English , and required renewal of work permits to remain beyond an initial period . [SEP] as they lacked British citizenship , mostly spoke no English , and required renewal of work permits to remain beyond an initial period
As a result of their culture policies , North Indian music and dance gained popularity during the rule of the Mughals and Nizams , and it was also during their reign that it became a tradition among the nobility to associate themselves with tawaif ( courtesans ) . [SEP] As a result of their culture policies
Reptiles such as adders and vipers live up to the snow line ; because they can not bear the cold temperatures they hibernate underground and soak up the warmth on rocky ledges . [SEP] because they can not bear the cold temperatures
" The amount of time that [ Minority Leader ] Gephardt is putting in to help the DCCC [ Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ] is unheard of , " noted a Democratic lobbyist . [SEP] to help the DCCC [ Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ]
This provided better compatibility with non - Apple machines , as most of them did not have FireWire ports at the time . [SEP] as most of them did not have FireWire ports at the time
According to the traditional Chinese system , however , there are 7 to 9 " tones",[citation needed ] more correctly termed tone classes since two of them are non - phonemic " entering tones " ( see the discussion on Chinese tone ) . [SEP] since two of them are non - phonemic " entering tones " ( see the discussion on Chinese tone
Charles Lyell recognised the implications of Wallace 's paper and its possible connection to Darwin 's work , although Darwin did not , and in a letter written on 1 - 2 May 1856 Lyell urged Darwin to publish his theory to establish priority . [SEP] to establish priority
These men came to London to become authors , only to discover that the literary market simply could not support large numbers of writers , who , in any case , were very poorly remunerated by the publishing - bookselling guilds . [SEP] to become authors
" Because the operating system was designed largely around the GUI , existing text - mode and command - driven applications had to be redesigned and the programming code rewritten . [SEP] command
One semifinalist , Delano Cagnolatti , was disqualified for lying to evade the show 's age limit . [SEP] for lying to evade the show 's age limit
Should prove effective as a large poster " because " in hundreds of thousands of cases a really striking emblem may be the first cause of awakening interest in a movement . [SEP] because " in hundreds of thousands of cases a really striking emblem may be the first cause of awakening interest in a movement
The early persecuted Muslims fled to various places in the region , including the city of Zeila in modern - day northern Somalia , so as to seek protection from the Quraysh . [SEP] so as to seek protection from the Quraysh
More than 9 million soldiers died on the various battlefields , and nearly that many more in the participating countries ' home fronts on account of food shortages and genocide committed under the cover of various civil wars and internal conflicts . [SEP] on account of food shortages and genocide committed under the cover of various civil wars and internal
In response , Lee Cheuk Yan , vice chairman of the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements in China , said , " It 's outrageous that the government is willing to sacrifice the image of Hong Kong because of the torch relay . [SEP] because of the torch relay
Because neither Korea had a significant navy , the Korean War featured few naval battles . [SEP] Because neither Korea had a significant navy
For example , Yerkes analyzed chimpanzee sexual behavior in hopes of illuminating the evolutionary underpinnings of human development and providing information that could ameliorate dysfunction . [SEP] in hopes of illuminating the evolutionary underpinnings of human development and providing information that could ameliorate dysfunction
In 1799 , English Freemasonry almost came to a halt due to Parliamentary proclamation . [SEP] due to Parliamentary proclamation
Kings sometimes divided power equally between two or more ministers to prevent one minister from becoming too powerful . [SEP] to prevent one minister from becoming too powerful
A new generation of clubs such as Liverpool 's Cream and the Ministry of Sound were opened to provide a venue for more commercial sounds . [SEP] to provide a venue for more commercial sounds
Attempts at using normal telephony networks to transmit slow - scan video , such as the first systems developed by AT&T Corporation , first researched in the 1950s , failed mostly due to the poor picture quality and the lack of efficient video compression techniques . [SEP] mostly due to the poor picture quality and the lack of efficient video compression techniques
On the other hand , Jews rarely faced martyrdom or exile , or forced compulsion to change their religion , and they were mostly free in their choice of residence and profession . [SEP] to change their religion
Opponents of the Endangered Species Act argue that with over 2,000 endangered species listed , and only 28 delisted due to recovery , the success rate of 1 % over nearly three decades proves that there needs to be serious reform in their methods to actually help the endangered animals and plants . [SEP] to actually help the endangered animals and plants
While its fellow Canadian broadcasters converted most of their transmitters to digital by the Canadian digital television transition deadline of August 31 , 2011 , CBC converted only about half of the analogue transmitters in mandatory areas to digital ( 15 of 28 markets with CBC Television stations , and 14 of 28 markets with Television de Radio - Canada stations ) . [SEP] by the Canadian digital television transition deadline of August 31 , 2011
Eight times a year , the 12-person Federal Open Market Committee meet to determine U. [SEP] to determine U.
The height of the minuscules varies , as some of them have parts higher or lower than the average , i. [SEP] as some of them have parts higher or lower than the average
She objected on the grounds of the King 's disapproval , but her mother dismissed his complaints as motivated by jealousy , and forced Victoria to continue the tours . [SEP] on the grounds of the King 's disapproval
The Rodeo Parade is a popular event as most schools give two rodeo days off instead of Presidents Day . [SEP] as most schools give two rodeo days off instead of Presidents Day
Howard Kendall was appointed Everton manager for the third time in 1997 , but the appointment proved unsuccessful as Everton finished seventeenth in the Premiership ; only avoiding relegation due to their superior goal difference over Bolton Wanderers . [SEP] due to their superior goal difference over Bolton Wanderers
Sun Yet - sen spoke highly of Nanjing in the " Constructive Scheme for Our Country " , " The position of Nanjing is wonderful since mountains , lakes and plains all integrated in it . [SEP] since mountains , lakes and plains all integrated in it
Italy became a major industrialized country again , due to its post - war economic miracle . [SEP] due to its post - war economic miracle
Regulations may also limit or ban the use of lead in ammunition because of environmental concerns . [SEP] because of environmental concerns
In the Battle of Cowan 's Ford , Cornwallis met resistance along the banks of the Catawba River at Cowan 's Ford on February 1 , 1781 , in an attempt to engage General Morgan 's forces during a tactical withdrawal . [SEP] in an attempt to engage General Morgan 's forces during a tactical withdrawal
During and after World War II , when shellac supplies were extremely limited , some 78 rpm records were pressed in vinyl instead of shellac , particularly the six - minute 12-inch ( 30 cm ) 78 rpm records produced by V - Disc for distribution to United States troops in World War II . [SEP] for distribution to United States troops in World War II
The mammalian brain invested heavily in olfaction to succeed at night as reptiles slept — one explanation for why olfactory lobes in mammalian brains are proportionally larger than in the reptiles . [SEP] why
Sometimes two elevators are built so that their cars always move synchronously in opposite directions , and are each other 's counterweight . [SEP] so that their cars always move synchronously in opposite directions , and are each other 's counterweight
In fact , it is sometimes difficult to draw a clear line between agricultural and hunter - gatherer societies , especially since the widespread adoption of agriculture and resulting cultural diffusion that has occurred in the last 10,000 years . [SEP] especially since the widespread adoption of agriculture and resulting cultural diffusion that has occurred in the last 10,000 years
In Arabia , Bahrain , which was referred to by the Greeks as Tylos , the centre of pearl trading , when Nearchus came to discover it serving under Alexander the Great . [SEP] to discover it serving under Alexander the Great
However , the debate has deepened over budgeting for the $ 12 - 14 . [SEP] over budgeting for the $ 12 - 14
Governance in the norm is by majority rule , however , Northern Ireland uses a system of power sharing whereby unionists and nationalists share executive posts proportionately and where the assent of both groups are required for the Northern Ireland Assembly to make certain decisions . [SEP] for the Northern Ireland Assembly to make certain decisions
Since incandescent lamps are resistive loads , simple phase - control TRIAC dimmers can be used to control brightness . [SEP] Since incandescent lamps are resistive loads
Territorial reform is sometimes propagated by the richer states as a means to avoid or reduce fiscal transfers . [SEP] as a means to avoid or reduce fiscal transfers
For his bravery in the face of the enemy , he was recommended for the Silver Bravery Medal but was taken prisoner of war before it could be formally presented . [SEP] For his bravery in the face of the enemy
Also construction of an underground rail system was begun in 1968 in order to help curb air pollution problems and alleviate traffic congestion . [SEP] in order to help curb air pollution problems and alleviate traffic congestion
Upon her inauguration , Sirleaf requested the extradition of Taylor from Nigeria and transferred him to the SCSL for trial in The Hague . [SEP] for trial in The Hague
Twice each year , Witnesses from a number of congregations that form a " circuit " gather for a one - day assembly . [SEP] for a one - day assembly
The 1916 Zoning Resolution required setbacks in new buildings , and restricted towers to a percentage of the lot size , to allow sunlight to reach the streets below . [SEP] to
Into the first half of the twentieth century after the establishment of ROC , Nanjing gradually shifted from being a production hub towards being a heavy consumption city , mainly because of the rapid expansion of its wealthy population after Nanjing once again regained the political spotlight of China . [SEP] mainly because of the rapid expansion of its wealthy population after Nanjing once again regained the political spotlight of China
The formality of their stance seems to be related with the Egyptian precedent , but it was accepted for a good reason . [SEP] for a good reason
Stationery ) are housed ; originally these were organized to accommodate vendors formerly selling on the street ; or simply from improvised stalls on a city sidewalk . [SEP] to accommodate vendors formerly selling on the street
Several proposals have been raised to adjust the work week with the majority of the world , and make Sunday a non - working day , while extending working time of other days or replacing Friday with Sunday as a work day . [SEP] to adjust the work week with the majority of the world , and make Sunday a non - working day , while extending working time of other days or replacing Friday with Sunday as a work day
The mas bands eventually converge on the Queen 's Park Savannah to pass on " The Stage " for judging . [SEP] to pass on " The Stage " for judging
The referendum turned out in favour of a continued association with France , largely due to a combined yes vote by the sizable Afar ethnic group and resident Europeans . [SEP] largely due to a combined yes vote by the sizable Afar ethnic group and resident Europeans
If the compensation system uses cables , there will be an additional sheave in the pit below the elevator , to guide the cables . [SEP] to guide the cables
The series finale reintroduces the heroes of the previous five seasons as they all come together and help the current heroes in the final battle due to the fact that the DigiQuartz is essentially a tear in Space and Time , allowing all of the Digimon universes to converge . [SEP] due to the fact that the DigiQuartz is essentially a tear in Space and Time , allowing all of the Digimon universes to converge
Victoria and Albert attended the opening of a new basin at the French military port of Cherbourg on 5 August 1858 , in an attempt by Napoleon III to reassure Britain that his military preparations were directed elsewhere . [SEP] in an attempt by Napoleon III to reassure Britain that his military preparations were directed elsewhere
To show support for Turkey after the battle of Sinop , on the 22th of December 1853 , the Anglo - French squadron entered the Black Sea and the steamship HMS Retribution approached the Port of Sevastopol , the commander of which received an ultimatum not to allow any ships in the Black Sea . [SEP] To show support for Turkey after the battle of Sinop
" The Missouri law permitted the local sheriff to distribute passes to individuals ( usually local citizens ) whom he believed should witness the hanging , but the sheriffs - for various reasons - sometimes denied passes to individuals who wanted to watch . [SEP] for various reasons
Ottens , director of the audio division of Philips , started a small group with the aim to develop an analog optical audio disc with a diameter of 20 cm and a sound quality superior to that of the vinyl record . [SEP] with the aim to develop an analog optical audio disc with a diameter of 20 cm and a sound quality superior to that of the vinyl record
From that moment Galicia , which participated to a minor extent in the American expansion of the Spanish Empire , found itself at the center of the Atlantic wars fought by Spain against the French and the Protestant powers of England and the Netherlands , whose privateers attacked the coastal areas , but major assaults were not common as the coastline was difficult and the harbors easily defended . [SEP] as the coastline was difficult and the harbors easily defended
In addition , because we are finite beings , we can not possibly know or understand anything that is universal or infinite such as God , so we can not know God exists , since that which transcends time simultaneously transcends human understanding . [SEP] because we are finite beings
New features and functionality in Windows 8 include a faster startup through UEFI integration and the new " Hybrid Boot " mode ( which hibernates the Windows kernel on shutdown to speed up the subsequent boot ) , a new lock screen with a clock and notifications , and the ability for enterprise users to create live USB versions of Windows ( known as Windows To Go ) . [SEP] to speed up the subsequent boot
Because of this , many tribes encouraged marriage between the two groups , to create stronger , healthier children from the unions . [SEP] to create stronger , healthier children from the unions
Soon , the Philadelphia and Atlantic City Railway was also constructed to transport tourists to Atlantic City . [SEP] to transport tourists to Atlantic City
While the game itself must be programmed to take advantage of the 3D technology , titles may be patched to add in the functionality retroactively . [SEP] to add in the functionality retroactively
Arsenic was used as a poison during the era because it was undetectable when administered over a long period . [SEP] because it was undetectable when administered over a long period
On 27 June , the ICC issued arrest warrants for Gaddafi , his son Saif al - Islam , and his brother - in - law Abdullah Senussi , head of state security , for charges concerning crimes against humanity . [SEP] for charges concerning crimes against humanity
Due to extreme variation in elevation , great variation occurs in the climatic conditions of Himachal . [SEP] Due to extreme variation in elevation
Two aerials were rotated for the two converging beams which were pointed to cross directly over the target . [SEP] to cross directly over the target
He was provided with generous revenues : " For the services that I have done and do daily , being employed in the Emperor 's service , the Emperor has given me a living " ( Letters ) . [SEP] For the services that I have done and do daily
Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food , recreation , to remove predators which are dangerous to humans or domestic animals , or for trade . [SEP] for food , recreation , to remove predators which are dangerous to humans or domestic animals , or for trade
Buildings like hospitals and nursing homes usually size their emergency generators to accommodate this draw . [SEP] to accommodate this draw
The antenna array and very similar reflective array antenna consist of multiple elements , often half - wave dipoles , spaced out on a plane and wired together with transmission lines with specific phase lengths to produce a single in - phase signal at the output . [SEP] to produce a single in - phase signal at the output
Therefore , to help standardize guidelines , recommendations for water consumption are included in two recent European Food Safety Authority ( EFSA ) documents ( 2010 ) : ( i ) Food - based dietary guidelines and ( ii ) Dietary reference values for water or adequate daily intakes ( ADI ) . [SEP] to help standardize guidelines
As a result of its devoted format to classic feature films , viewers that are interested in tracing the career development of actresses such as Barbara Stanwyck or Greta Garbo or actors like Cary Grant or Humphrey Bogart have the unique opportunity to see most of the films that were made during their careers , from beginning to end . [SEP] As a result of its devoted format to classic feature films
The mammalian brain invested heavily in olfaction to succeed at night as reptiles slept — one explanation for why olfactory lobes in mammalian brains are proportionally larger than in the reptiles . [SEP] to succeed at night as reptiles slept
The dates are generalizations , since the periods and eras overlap and the categories are somewhat arbitrary , to the point that some authorities reverse terminologies and refer to a common practice " era " comprising baroque , classical , and romantic " periods " . [SEP] since the periods and eras overlap and the categories are somewhat arbitrary , to the point that some authorities reverse terminologies and refer to a common practice " era " comprising baroque , classical , and romantic " periods "
This may be attributed to recent changing social and political views towards marijuana ; issues such as medicinal use and legalization have tended towards painting the drug in a more positive light than historically , while cigarettes continue to be vilified due to associated health risks . [SEP] due to associated health risks
The closing ceremony at Justin Herman Plaza was canceled due to the presence of large numbers of protesters at the site . [SEP] due to the presence of large numbers of protesters at the site
United States , the court ruled that due to the 1934 law , evidence the FBI obtained by phone tapping was inadmissible in court . [SEP] due to the 1934 law
Some Muslims oppose this charge , and instead declare that the media in these countries presses on women to reveal too much in order to be deemed attractive , and that this is itself sexist and oppressive . [SEP] in order to be deemed attractive
The government exerts greater control over broadcast media than print media , especially due to finance and licensing . [SEP] especially due to finance and licensing
She took further lessons from guitarist Monte Pittman to improve her guitar skill . [SEP] to improve her guitar skill
During the week Gaddafi slept in a mosque , and at weekends walked 20 miles to visit his parents . [SEP] to visit his parents
Gaddafi was infuriated that Egypt had not done more to prevent the incident , and in retaliation planned to destroy the RMS Queen Elizabeth 2 , a British ship chartered by American Jews to sail to Haifa for Israel 's 25th anniversary . [SEP] to prevent the incident
" James further claims that " we feel sad because we cry , angry because we strike , afraid because we tremble , and neither we cry , strike , nor tremble because we are sorry , angry , or fearful , as the case may be . [SEP] because we
As a ruse to rally opposition against a return to the pre-1952 order , the RCC decreed an end to restrictions on monarchy - era parties and the Free Officers ' withdrawal from politics . [SEP] As a ruse to rally opposition against a return to the pre-1952 order
This mission area includes : operations conducted to protect friendly space capabilities from attack , interference , or unintentional hazards ( defensive space control ) ; operations to deny an adversary 's use of space capabilities ( offensive space control ) ; and the requisite current and predictive knowledge of the space environment and the operational environment upon which space operations depend ( space situational awareness ) " ( JP 1 - 02 ) . [SEP] to protect friendly space capabilities from attack , interference , or unintentional hazards ( defensive space control ) ; operations to deny an adversary 's use of space capabilities ( offensive space control )
" Wide prosecutorial discretion remains because of overly broad criteria . [SEP] because of overly broad criteria
According to the commentators , Virgil received his first education when he was five years old and he later went to Cremona , Milan , and finally Rome to study rhetoric , medicine , and astronomy , which he soon abandoned for philosophy . [SEP] for philosophy
Meanwhile , the Ottoman Sultan negotiated with Mehmet Ali of Egypt , who agreed to send his son Ibrahim Pasha to Greece with an army to suppress the revolt in return for territorial gain . [SEP] in return for territorial gain
By 1880 , the population had quadrupled , mainly because of the great European immigration . [SEP] mainly because of the great European immigration
In 1980 , when the stadium was in need of redesign to meet UEFA criteria , the club raised money by offering supporters the opportunity to inscribe their name on the bricks for a small fee . [SEP] to meet UEFA criteria
During the middle Ordovician Period ( about 496 - 440 Ma ) , a change in plate motions set the stage for the first Paleozoic mountain - building event ( Taconic orogeny ) in North America . [SEP] for the first Paleozoic mountain - building event ( Taconic orogeny ) in North America
Albon Man , a New York lawyer , started Electro - Dynamic Light Company in 1878 to exploit his patents and those of William Sawyer . [SEP] to exploit his patents and those of William Sawyer
John 's attempt to defeat Philip in 1214 failed due to the French victory over John 's allies at the battle of Bouvines . [SEP] due to the French victory over John 's allies at the battle of Bouvines
About this time the Persians made a semi - secret agreement to remain neutral in exchange for the cancellation of the indemnity from the previous war . [SEP] in
Similarly , the Constitution Act 1986 reformed the constitution of New Zealand to sever its constitutional link with Britain , and the Australia Act 1986 severed the constitutional link between Britain and the Australian states . [SEP] to sever its constitutional link with Britain
Since their expression is constant , housekeeping genes are used as experimental controls when analysing gene expression . [SEP] Since their expression is constant
The Greek kingdom of Bactria began as a breakaway satrapy of the Seleucid empire , which , because of the size of the empire , had significant freedom from central control . [SEP] because of the size of the empire
Due to the lack of success lately on the international level , in recent years , Armenia has rebuilt 16 Soviet - era sports schools and furnished them with new equipment for a total cost of $ 1 . [SEP] Due to the lack of success lately on the international level
When interviewed for Mojo magazine the band said the most amazing sight at Live Aid was to see the audience clapping to " Radio Ga Ga " . [SEP] to " Radio Ga Ga "
Since it would have been too costly for most Muslims to purchase a manuscript , copies of the Quran were held in mosques in order to make them accessible to people . [SEP] in order to make them accessible to people
As the summit closed on 28 September 1970 , hours after escorting the last Arab leader to leave , Nasser suffered a heart attack . [SEP] to leave
Because of limited highway access , air travel remains the most efficient form of transportation in and out of the state . [SEP] Because of limited highway access
According to Hong Kong Chief Secretary for Administration Henry Tang , 3,000 police were deployed to ensure order . [SEP] to ensure order
In January 2010 , Hong Kong - based English newspaper The Standard reported that writer Tan Zuoren attempted to document shoddy construction that may have led to massive casualties in schools , was sentenced to in prison ostensibly for his writing an article in 2007 in support of the pro - democracy movement in 1989 . [SEP] ostensibly for his writing an article in 2007 in support of the pro -
Manganese dioxide can be added in small amounts to remove the green tint given by iron(II ) oxide . [SEP] to remove the green tint given by iron(II ) oxide
In 1863 , during the Civil War , a second Fort Hale was built next to the original , complete with bomb - resistant bunkers and a moat , to defend the city should a Southern raid against New Haven be launched . [SEP] to defend the city should a Southern raid against New Haven be launched
[ clarification needed ] It is played down that this " invisible hand " acts only " frequently " and that it is " no part of his [ the individual 's ] intentions " because competition leads to lower prices by imitating " his " invention . [SEP] because competition leads to lower prices by imitating " his " invention
In general , inbreeding is avoided because it leads to a reduction in progeny fitness ( inbreeding depression ) due largely to the homozygous expression of deleterious recessive alleles . [SEP] because it leads to a reduction in progeny fitness ( inbreeding depression ) due largely to the homozygous expression of deleterious recessive alleles
The city was at the end of a long supply line , which made it somewhat difficult to defend , although supplies continued to reach the city by canal and wagon for years , since it was protected by the Army of Northern Virginia and arguably the Confederacy 's best troops and commanders . [SEP] since it was protected by the Army of Northern Virginia and arguably the Confederacy 's best troops and commanders
For particularly severe conduct , the game official(s ) may eject players ( ejected players may be substituted for ) , or in exceptional cases , declare the game over and award victory to one side or the other . [SEP] For particularly severe conduct
In the 1920s and 1930s , the " career " soldiers were known as the " Regular Army " with the " Enlisted Reserve Corps " and " Officer Reserve Corps " augmented to fill vacancies when needed . [SEP] to fill vacancies when needed
Von Neumann entered government service ( Manhattan Project ) primarily because he felt that , if freedom and civilization were to survive , it would have to be because the US would triumph over totalitarianism from Nazism , Fascism and Soviet Communism . [SEP] primarily because he felt that , if freedom and civilization were to survive , it would have to be because the US would triumph over totalitarianism from Nazism , Fascism and Soviet Communism
Tourism is a major industry owing to the city 's climate , its beaches , and numerous tourist attractions such as Balboa Park , Belmont amusement park , San Diego Zoo , San Diego Zoo Safari Park , and SeaWorld San Diego . [SEP] owing to the city 's climate , its beaches , and numerous tourist attractions such as Balboa Park , Belmont amusement park , San Diego Zoo , San Diego Zoo Safari Park , and SeaWorld San Diego
Over the ensuing six weeks , 18 women came forward to publicly claim that Filner had sexually harassed them , and multiple individuals and groups called for him to resign . [SEP] to publicly claim that Filner had sexually harassed them
Latent TB treatment usually employs a single antibiotic , while active TB disease is best treated with combinations of several antibiotics to reduce the risk of the bacteria developing antibiotic resistance . [SEP] to reduce the risk of the bacteria developing antibiotic resistance
Beginning in the tenth season[citation needed ] , permanent mentors were brought in during the live shows to help guide the contestants with their song choice and performance . [SEP] to help guide the contestants with their song choice and performance
In order to enlist Stalin 's support , Zhou and a Chinese delegation left for Moscow on 8 October , arriving there on 10 October at which point they flew to Stalin 's home at the Black Sea . [SEP] In order to enlist Stalin 's support
Reptiles such as adders and vipers live up to the snow line ; because they can not bear the cold temperatures they hibernate underground and soak up the warmth on rocky ledges . [SEP] because they can not bear the cold temperatures they hibernate underground and soak up the warmth on rocky ledges
In a move that apparently surprised many islanders the Chief Minister of Norfolk Island , David Buffett , announced on 6 November 2010 that the island would voluntarily surrender its tax free status in return for a financial bailout from the federal government to cover significant debts . [SEP] in return for a financial bailout from the federal government to cover significant debts
Kelp is frequently grazed in subtidal kelp forests , but regrows at the base of the blade continuously to cope with browsing pressure . [SEP] to cope with browsing pressure
Streams carried rock debris down slope to be deposited in nearby lowlands . [SEP] to be deposited in nearby lowlands
Often , through - hole and surface - mount construction must be combined in a single assembly because some required components are available only in surface - mount packages , while others are available only in through - hole packages . [SEP] because some required components are available only in surface - mount packages , while others are available only in through - hole packages
Also , the energy used to blow air to cool transformers , power electronics ( including rectifiers ) , and other conversion hardware must be accounted for . [SEP] to cool transformers
For a difficult task of only a few seconds ' duration , a person can put out thousands of watts , many times the 746 watts in one official horsepower . [SEP] For a difficult task of only a few seconds ' duration
Since Bell was becoming increasingly affluent , he used his prize money to create endowment funds ( the ' Volta Fund ' ) and institutions in and around the United States capital of Washington , D. [SEP] Since Bell was becoming increasingly affluent
The new government called in the French Army to put down the uprising , the first of many such confrontations between the army and the new worker 's movements in Europe . [SEP] to put down the uprising
The army provides trained forces to the combatant commanders for use as directed by the Secretary of Defense . [SEP] for use as directed by the Secretary of Defense
The Times was printed in broadsheet format for 219 years , but switched to compact size in 2004 in an attempt to appeal more to younger readers and commuters using public transport . [SEP] in an attempt to appeal more to younger readers and commuters using public transport
Game players were not the only ones to notice the violence in this game ; US Senators Herb Kohl and Joe Lieberman convened a Congressional hearing on December 9 , 1993 to investigate the marketing of violent video games to children . [SEP] to investigate the marketing of violent video games to children
The legality of this act is the subject of discussions because , according to the 1978 Constitution ( Basic Law ) of the Russian SFSR , the Russian Supreme Soviet had no right to do so . [SEP] because , according to the 1978 Constitution ( Basic Law ) of the Russian SFSR , the Russian Supreme Soviet had no right to do so
To prevent further loss of groundwater , Tucson has been involved in water conservation and groundwater preservation efforts , shifting away from its reliance on a series of Tucson area wells in favor of conservation , consumption - based pricing for residential and commercial water use , and new wells in the more sustainable Avra Valley aquifer , northwest of the city . [SEP] prevent further loss of groundwater
An example of a solar - mediated weather event is a hurricane , which occurs when large unstable areas of warm ocean , heated over months , give up some of their thermal energy suddenly to power a few days of violent air movement . [SEP] to power a few days of violent air movement
The working memory model explains many practical observations , such as why it is easier to do two different tasks ( one verbal and one visual ) than two similar tasks ( e. [SEP] why
The city lies just south of the geographical midpoint of South Carolina 's coastline and is located on Charleston Harbor , an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean formed by the confluence of the Ashley and Cooper Rivers , or , as is locally expressed , " where the Cooper and Ashley Rivers come together to form the Atlantic Ocean . [SEP] to form the Atlantic Ocean
This is a myth according to Kees Immink , as the code format had not yet been decided in May 1980 . [SEP] as the code format had not yet been decided in May 1980
At the same time the Qing took steps to counterbalance the power of the aristocracy by adding officials recruited from the clergy to key posts . [SEP] to counterbalance the power of the aristocracy
However , the federal government rejected the version of a commonwealth that the government of Guam proposed , due to it having clauses incompatible with the Territorial Clause ( Art . [SEP] due to it having clauses incompatible with the Territorial Clause ( Art
Accurate present day child labour information is difficult to obtain because of disagreements between data sources as to what constitutes child labour . [SEP] because of disagreements between data sources as to what constitutes child labour
It would have been quite simple for Kinsey to have measured the two dimensions separately and report scores independently to avoid loss of information . [SEP] to avoid loss of information
Vallely and Cameron Kerry maintained that they were only checking their own telephone lines because they had received an anonymous call warning that the Kerry lines would be cut . [SEP] because they had received an anonymous call warning that the Kerry lines would be cut
Alaska is the northernmost and westernmost state in the United States and has the most easterly longitude in the United States because the Aleutian Islands extend into the eastern hemisphere . [SEP] because the Aleutian Islands extend into the eastern hemisphere
However schoolmates considered Virgil extremely shy and reserved , according to Servius , and he was nicknamed " Parthenias " or " maiden " because of his social aloofness . [SEP] because of his social aloofness
Because of vigorous missionary activity , the movement spread throughout the British Empire , the United States , and beyond , today claiming approximately 80 million adherents worldwide . [SEP] Because of vigorous missionary activity
The North American version 's buttons are colored to match the redesigned console ; the X and Y buttons are lavender with concave faces , and the A and B buttons are purple with convex faces . [SEP] to match the redesigned console
Some software developers have adopted it for other encodings , including UTF-8 , in an attempt to distinguish UTF-8 from local 8-bit code pages . [SEP] in an attempt to distinguish UTF-8 from local 8-bit code pages
Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , providing for oversight of state practices and enforcement of constitutional voting rights for African Americans and other minorities in order to prevent the discrimination and disenfranchisement that had excluded most of them for decades from the political process . [SEP] in order to prevent the discrimination and disenfranchisement that had excluded most of them for decades from the political process
White - balancing is still required to avoid too " warm " or " cool " colors , but this is a simple process that requires only the color temperature in Kelvin as input for modern , digital visual reproduction equipment such as video or still cameras unless it is completely automated . [SEP] to avoid too " warm " or " cool " colors
In 1925 , the English mathematician and philosopher Alfred North Whitehead cautioned : " The prophecy of Francis Bacon has now been fulfilled ; and man , who at times dreamt of himself as a little lower than the angels , has submitted to become the servant and the minister of nature . [SEP] to become the servant and the minister of nature
Robert Fisk , seven times British International Journalist of the Year , resigned as foreign correspondent in 1988 over what he saw as " political censorship " of his article on the shooting - down of Iran Air Flight 655 in July 1988 . [SEP] over what he saw as " political censorship " of his article on the shooting - down of Iran Air Flight 655 in July 1988
At a convention of citizens called to select a new provisional ruler , Gutierrez obtained the vote , with P. [SEP] to select a new provisional ruler
This act would provide for referendums to be held in Puerto Rico to determine the island 's ultimate political status . [SEP] to determine the island 's ultimate political status
The zinc core is coated with a thin layer of copper to give the impression of a copper coin . [SEP] to give the impression of a copper coin
The use of AC is not feasible because the dimensions of a third rail are physically very large compared with the skin depth that the alternating current penetrates to ( 0 . [SEP] because the dimensions of a third rail are physically very large compared with the skin depth that the alternating current penetrates to ( 0
In 2014 the Tuvalu Borrow Pits Remediation ( BPR ) project was approved in order to fill 10 borrow pits , leaving Tafua Pond , which is a natural pond . [SEP] in order to fill 10 borrow pits , leaving Tafua Pond , which is a natural pond
The only role open to women in the Church was that of nuns , as they were unable to become priests . [SEP] as they were unable to become priests
The committee considered an eight - bit code , since eight bits ( octets ) would allow two four - bit patterns to efficiently encode two digits with binary - coded decimal . [SEP] since eight bits ( octets ) would allow two four - bit patterns to efficiently encode two digits with binary - coded decimal
Early Islamic philosophy emphasized an inexorable link between science and religion , and the process of ijtihad to find truth — in effect all philosophy was " political " as it had real implications for governance . [SEP] as it had real implications for governance
Martin Luther , who initiated the Protestant Reformation , said : " Mother Mary , like us , was born in sin of sinful parents , but the Holy Spirit covered her , sanctified and purified her so that this child was born of flesh and blood , but not with sinful flesh and blood . [SEP] so that this child was born of flesh and blood , but not with sinful flesh and blood
In addition , the Soviets provided Germany with access to the Northern Sea Route for both cargo ships and raiders ( though only the commerce raider Komet used the route before the German invasion ) , which forced Britain to protect sea lanes in both the Atlantic and the Pacific . [SEP] for both cargo ships and raiders
Melbourne 's CBD , compared with other Australian cities , has comparatively unrestricted height limits and as a result of waves of post - war development contains five of the six tallest buildings in Australia , the tallest of which is the Eureka Tower , situated in Southbank . [SEP] as a result of waves of post - war development
" James further claims that " we feel sad because we cry , angry because we strike , afraid because we tremble , and neither we cry , strike , nor tremble because we are sorry , angry , or fearful , as the case may be . [SEP] because we are sorry , angry , or fearful , as the case may be
Signals fed to the cutting head were pre - emphasized in the treble region to help override noise in playback . [SEP] to help override noise in playback
Mongols were forbidden by the Qing from crossing the borders of their banners , even into other Mongol Banners and from crossing into neidi ( the Han Chinese 18 provinces ) and were given serious punishments if they did in order to keep the Mongols divided against each other to benefit the Qing . [SEP] in order to keep the Mongols divided against each other to benefit the Qing
" His 2008 album 808s & Heartbreak polarized both listeners and critics upon its release , but was commercially successful and impacted hip hop and pop stylistically , as it laid the groundwork for a new wave of artists who generally eschewed typical rap braggadocio for intimate subject matter and introspection , including Frank Ocean , The Weeknd , Drake , Future , Kid Cudi , Childish Gambino , Lil Durk , Chief Keef , and Soulja Boy . [SEP] as it laid the groundwork for a new wave of artists who generally eschewed typical rap braggadocio for intimate subject matter and introspection , including Frank Ocean , The Weeknd , Drake , Future , Kid Cudi , Childish Gambino , Lil Durk , Chief Keef , and Soulja Boy
The new system restored the ability to include URLs in comments , which had previously been removed due to problems with abuse . [SEP] due to problems with abuse
Due to lateral gene transfer , some closely related bacteria can have very different morphologies and metabolisms . [SEP] Due to lateral gene transfer
The ribs are flattened and the sternum is keeled for the attachment of flight muscles except in the flightless bird orders . [SEP] for the attachment of flight muscles except in the flightless bird orders
Crossbows , which had been known in Late Antiquity , increased in use partly because of the increase in siege warfare in the 10th and 11th centuries . [SEP] partly because of the increase in siege warfare in the 10th and 11th centuries
Many collectors prefer to have heavyweight vinyl albums , which have been reported to have better sound than normal vinyl because of their higher tolerance against deformation caused by normal play . [SEP] because of their higher tolerance against deformation caused by normal play
In order to explain the common features shared by Sanskrit and other Indo - European languages , many scholars have proposed the Indo - Aryan migration theory , asserting that the original speakers of what became Sanskrit arrived in what is now India and Pakistan from the north - west some time during the early second millennium BCE . [SEP] In order to explain the common features shared by Sanskrit and other Indo - European languages
Emanuel Swedenborg says God as he is in himself could not directly approach evil spirits to redeem those spirits without destroying them ( Exodus 33:20 , John 1:18 ) , so God impregnated Mary , who gave Jesus Christ access to the evil heredity of the human race , which he could approach , redeem and save . [SEP] to redeem those spirits without destroying them
Main Street Station , designed by Wilson , Harris , and Richards , has been returned to use in its original purpose . [SEP] to use
The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission , creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation , design and construction , waste reduction , procurement , food services , transportation , and water . [SEP] to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation , design and construction , waste reduction , procurement , food services , transportation , and water
Within a year he was backtracking , announcing that sharia was inappropriate for the Jamahiriya because it guaranteed the protection of private property , contravening The Green Book 's socialism . [SEP] because it guaranteed the protection of private property , contravening The Green Book 's socialism
Positive hydrogen ions from HCl and negative hydroxide ions from NaOH combine to form water . [SEP] to form water
Reduce pollution so that resources are maintained . [SEP] so that resources are maintained
Since climate determines the type of vegetation that grows in an area , vegetation is used as an indicator of climate type . [SEP] Since climate determines the type of vegetation that grows in an area
He hypothesized that electrons can move around the nucleus only at fixed distances from the nucleus based on the amount of energy they have . [SEP] based on the amount of energy they have
That s why you can hear but not see around corners . [SEP] why
Curators from the Outdoor Exploratorium in San Francisco have set up a scope two miles away so you can see how the bridge is moving up or down depending on the weather . [SEP] so you can see how the bridge is moving up or down depending on the weather
Instead , the water is returned to the blood to keep water levels from falling lower . [SEP] to keep water levels from falling lower
Since church officials had made some of Aristotles opinions a part of the religious views of the church , proving Aristotles views to be incorrect also pointed out flaws in the church . [SEP] Since church officials had made some of Aristotles opinions a part of the religious views of the church
Why does the sand get so hot while the water does not ? The answer has to do with specific heat . [SEP] Why
9 shows this for water . [SEP] for water
Death rates also rose because of crowded living conditions and diseases that spread from domestic animals . [SEP] because of crowded living conditions and diseases that spread from domestic animals
) The fossils formed within the rocks as a result of mysterious forces . [SEP] as a result of mysterious forces
Coefficients can be used to balance equation 1 ( above ) as follows : Equation 2 : 2H2 + O2 ! 2H2 O Equation 2 shows that two molecules of hydrogen react with one molecule of oxygen to produce two molecules of water . [SEP] to produce two molecules of water
Many mollusks ( clams , snails , octopi , and squid ) are found as molds and casts because their shells dissolve easily . [SEP] because their shells dissolve easily
How can scientists know if a model designed to predict the future is likely to be accurate , since it may not be possible to wait long enough to see if the prediction comes true ? One way is to run the model using a time in the past as the starting point see if the model can accurately predict the present . [SEP] since it may not be possible to wait long enough to see if the prediction comes true ? One way is to run the model using a time in the past as the starting point see if the model can accurately predict the present
However , they need help breathing because their lungs are not yet fully mature . [SEP] because their lungs are not yet fully mature
Since almost every galaxy in the universe has a redshift , almost every galaxy is moving away from Earth . [SEP] Since almost every galaxy in the universe has a redshift
The bending of light through droplets of water is why we can see rainbows . [SEP] why
The direction of the pendulum appeared to change because Earth rotated beneath it . [SEP] because Earth rotated beneath it
20 lb Q : Rod needs to buy a meter of wire for a science experiment , but the wire is sold only by the yard . [SEP] for a science experiment
That s why they are used in floor wax and similar products . [SEP] why
The lands later moved apart so that the fossils are separated . [SEP] so that the fossils are separated
When Laurentia and Gondwana collided to create Pangaea , the Appalachians rose . [SEP] to create Pangaea
They " want " to give up their few valence electrons so they will have a full outer energy level . [SEP] so they will have a full outer energy level
Quick burial is essential because most decay and fragmentation occurs at the surface . [SEP] because most decay and fragmentation occurs at the surface
In the sun , as well as in other stars , protons from hydrogen atoms combine , or fuse , to form nuclei of helium atoms . [SEP] to form nuclei of helium atoms
For an entertaining review of aerobic and anaerobic respiration , watch this creative music video : MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below . [SEP] For an entertaining review of aerobic and anaerobic respiration
That s why its not removed from the statue . [SEP] why
Because warmer , less dense air sits over cooler , denser air , air in the stratosphere is stable . [SEP] Because warmer , less dense air sits over cooler , denser air
Early sailors and navigators found the Mercator map useful because most explorations were located near the equator . [SEP] because most explorations were located near the equator
Heat from the burning coal boils the water in the boiler to make steam . [SEP] to make steam
A heart attack happens when the blood can not reach the heart because a blood vessel is blocked . [SEP] because a blood vessel is blocked
Land must be given over to dump the materials . [SEP] to dump the materials
For this reason , concussions are treated very seriously among athletes and in professional sports . [SEP] For this reason
Potassium and sodium are needed for muscles and nerves to work normally . [SEP] for muscles and nerves to work normally
To see how one species of predatory bony fish catches its prey , watch this amazing video : http://video . [SEP] To see how one species of predatory bony fish catches its prey
Oceanic island arcs also collide with continents to make them grow . [SEP] to make them grow
That s why the moon circles around Earth rather than the sun . [SEP] why
All the particles in the rings are like little moons , because they orbit around Saturn . [SEP] because they orbit around Saturn
Because it is difficult to predict when droughts will happen , it is difficult for countries to predict how serious water shortages will be each year . [SEP] Because it is difficult to predict when droughts will happen
To generate biomass energy , break down the cell walls of plants to release the sugars and then ferment those sugars to create fuel . [SEP] To generate biomass energy
To generate biomass energy , break down the cell walls of plants to release the sugars and then ferment those sugars to create fuel . [SEP] To generate biomass energy
Fireflies give off visible light to attract mates . [SEP] to attract mates
Love Canal became a Superfund site in 1983 and as a result , several measures were taken to secure the toxic wastes . [SEP] as a result
In the Ptolemaic system , Venus should always be in crescent phase as viewed from the Earth because the sun is beyond Venus , but in the Copernican system Venus should exhibit a complete set of phases over time as viewed from the Earth because it is illuminated from the center of its orbit . [SEP] because the sun is beyond Venus
Ocean zones are also divided based on their depth and their distance from land . [SEP] based on their depth and their distance from land
He s hammering a piece of hot iron in order to shape it . [SEP] in order to shape it
The technology needed to gather energy from renewable resources is currently expensive to install , but most of the resources themselves are free for the taking . [SEP] to gather energy from renewable resources
That s why problems with the nervous system can affect the entire body . [SEP] why
The poles are called north and south because they always line up with Earths north - south axis if the magnet is allowed to move freely . [SEP] because they always line up with Earths north - south axis if the magnet is allowed to move freely
For example , anoles that lived on the forest floor evolved long legs for leaping and running on the ground . [SEP] for leaping and running on the ground
How do the tides add up to create neap tides ? The Moons high tide occurs in the same place as the Suns low tide and the Moons low tide in the same place as the Suns high tide . [SEP] to create neap tides
People die from diseases , thirst , or even in war over scarce resources . [SEP] from diseases , thirst , or even in war over scarce resources
Do you ride a bus or have someone drive you to school ? Motor vehicles need energy from fossil fuels to run . [SEP] to run
Because it has four valence electrons , carbon needs four more electrons to fill its outer energy level . [SEP] Because it has four valence electrons
That s 10 quadrillion waves per second ! Because of their high frequencies , gamma rays are also the most energetic of all electromagnetic waves . [SEP] Because of their high frequencies
You can remember they are called ventricles because they are shaped like a " V. [SEP] because they are shaped like a " V.
That s why there is greater air resistance against the parachute than the skydivers body . [SEP] why
Q : In a lab or factory , reactants can be heated to very high temperatures or placed under great pressure so they will react very quickly . [SEP] so they will react very quickly
To learn more about hearing loss , watch the animation at this URL : ( 1:39 ) . [SEP] To learn more about hearing loss
For a cartoon about the male reproductive system , watch this video : http MEDIA Click image to the left or use the URL below . [SEP] For a cartoon about the male reproductive system
Millions of acres of forest have been cut and burned to make way for farming . [SEP] to make way for farming
Why do farmers use wasteful irrigation methods when water - efficient methods are available ? Many farmers and farming corporations have not switched to more efficient irrigation methods for two reasons : 1 . [SEP] Why
Local news can tell you of restaurants to avoid due to unhealthy conditions . [SEP] due to unhealthy conditions
If you are dominant for all of the alleles for height , then you will be very tall . [SEP] for all of the alleles for height
The technology needs to advance so that the price falls . [SEP] so that the price falls
In these reactions , the nuclei of atoms come together to form new , heavier chemical elements . [SEP] to form new , heavier chemical elements
One of two things must happen for sea level to change in a marine transgression : either the land must sink or the water level must rise . [SEP] for sea level to change in a marine transgression
That action did not receive support from the scientific community since no one knows the risks to people and the environment from such a large amount of these harmful chemicals . [SEP] since no one knows the risks to people and the environment from such a large amount of these harmful chemicals
The car jack , in turn , puts out 7000 joules of work to raise up the car . [SEP] to raise up the car
For example , chemistry explains how food cooks , why laundry detergent cleans your clothes , and why antacid tablets relieve an upset stomach . [SEP] why
They must go through metamorphosis to change into the adult form . [SEP] to change into the adult form
It also depends on certain parts of the brain , because the brain and eyes work together to allow us to see . [SEP] to allow us to see
For example , the biceps and triceps muscles work together to allow you to bend and straighten your elbow . [SEP] to allow you to bend and straighten your elbow
Although the idea that Earth is a magnet is centuries old , the discovery of why Earth is a magnet is a relatively new . [SEP] why
For example , putting sand on an icy sidewalk increases friction so you are less likely to slip . [SEP] so you are less likely to slip
The ions can move freely , so they can carry current . [SEP] so they can carry current
It is found in all living organisms because it performs essential life functions . [SEP] because it performs essential life functions
Why has climate stability been beneficial for human civilization ? Stability has allowed the expansion of agriculture and the development of towns and cities . [SEP] Why
Metals are especially good thermal conductors because they have freely moving electrons that can transfer thermal energy quickly and easily . [SEP] because they have freely moving electrons that can transfer thermal energy quickly and easily
Six H are now needed in the reactants to match the six H in the products . [SEP] to match the six H in the products
Burning forests increases greenhouse gases in the atmosphere by releasing the CO2 stored in the biomass and also by removing the forest so that it can not store CO2 in the future . [SEP] so that it can not store CO2 in the future
We make maps of the surface using radar , because the thick clouds wo nt allow us to take photographs of the surface of Venus . [SEP] because the thick clouds wo nt allow us to take photographs of the surface of Venus
That s why reactions of acids and bases are called neutralization reactions . [SEP] why
Imaging satellites take pictures of Earths surface for military or scientific purposes . [SEP] for military or scientific purposes
The Greeks gave the planet this name because Mercury moves very quickly in its orbit around the Sun . [SEP] because Mercury moves very quickly in its orbit around the Sun
You can see clearly through a transparent object , such as the revolving glass doors in the figure , because all the light passes straight through it . [SEP] because all the light passes straight through it
Brain and spinal cord injuries most commonly occur because of car crashes or athletic activities . [SEP] because of car crashes or athletic activities
Because of the tremendous amount of incoming sunlight , solar power is being developed in the United States in southeastern California , Nevada , and Arizona . [SEP] Because of the tremendous amount of incoming sunlight
Because air traveling over the warm water in the Gulf Stream picks up a lot of water , London gets a lot of rain . [SEP] Because air traveling over the warm water in the Gulf Stream picks up a lot of water
( Never taste an unknown substance to see whether it is a base ! ) Did you ever taste unsweetened cocoa powder ? It tastes bitter because it is a base . [SEP] because it is a base
If the pain is severe , a doctor can prescribe stronger medicine to relieve the pain . [SEP] to relieve the pain
For additional information , see Homeostasis at . [SEP] For additional information
Atmospheric CO2 has increased over the past five decades , because the amount of CO2 gas released by volcanoes has increased . [SEP] because the amount of CO2 gas released by volcanoes has increased
How might this be related to the properties of nonmetals ? A : Because nonmetals are on the right side of the periodic table , they have more electrons in their outer energy level than elements on the left side or in the middle of the periodic table . [SEP] Because nonmetals are on the right side of the periodic table
Each cell in your body needs oxygen , as oxygen is used in cellular respiration to produce energy in the form of ATP . [SEP] to produce energy in the form of ATP
They break down chemicals to make food . [SEP] to make food
To increase the size and strength of skeletal muscles , you need to make these muscles contract against a resisting force . [SEP] To increase the size and strength of skeletal muscles
Almost all the structures in the ear are needed for this purpose . [SEP] for this purpose
Enzymes are nt changed or used up in the reactions , so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again . [SEP] so they can be used to speed up the same reaction over and over again
For that reason , we ca nt see black holes . [SEP] For that reason
QUEST journeys back to find out how physicists on the UC Berkeley campus in the 1930s , and at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center in the 1970s , created " atom smashers " that led to key discoveries about the tiny constituents of the atom and paved the way for the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland . [SEP] to find out how physicists on the UC Berkeley campus in the 1930s , and at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center in the 1970s , created " atom smashers " that led to key discoveries about the tiny constituents of the atom and paved the way for the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland
The cool water flows into a return pipe rather than going directly to another radiator because the cool water no longer has enough thermal energy to heat a room . [SEP] because the cool water no longer has enough thermal energy to heat a room
To turn coal into electricity , the rock is crushed into powder , which is then burned in a furnace that has a boiler . [SEP] To turn coal into electricity
He made holes in the balls so they could be joined together with hooks . [SEP] so they could be joined together with hooks
Due to plate tectonics , the continents changed their shapes and positions during Earth history . [SEP] Due to plate tectonics
Many of these reactions require catalysts so they will occur quickly enough to support life . [SEP] so they will occur quickly enough to support life
Since many of the scientists who first assigned names to times in Earths history were from Europe , they named the blocks of time from towns or other local places where the rock layers that represented that time were found . [SEP] Since many of the scientists who first assigned names to times in Earths history were from Europe
Objects such as ships may float in a fluid like water because of buoyant force . [SEP] because of buoyant force
Existing rocks can be weathered and eroded to form sediments . [SEP] to form sediments
Since planets only reflect the Suns light , Venus should not be called a star at all ! Venus is very bright because its clouds reflect sunlight very well . [SEP] Since planets only reflect the Suns light
For a visual explanation of these concepts , watch the animation " Temperature vs. [SEP] For a visual explanation of these concepts
Since colorblindness is recessive , the dominant normal gene will mask the recessive colorblind gene . [SEP] Since colorblindness is recessive
Like coal and oil , natural gas is also burned to generate heat for powering turbines . [SEP] to generate heat for powering turbines
Trans fat is rare in nature but is manufactured and added to foods to preserve freshness . [SEP] to preserve freshness
Over time , a drug user may need more of the drug to get the desired effect . [SEP] to get the desired effect
A puffy down jacket keeps you warm in the winter for the same reason . [SEP] for the same reason
The rings circle the planets equator , but because Uranus is tilted on its side , the rings are almost perpendicular to the planets orbit . [SEP] because Uranus is tilted on its side
You ca nt normally see the droplets from a sneeze because they are so small . [SEP] because they are so small
A source of energy is needed to disturb matter and start a mechanical wave . [SEP] to disturb matter and start a mechanical wave
Because there was not advanced warning , more than 8000 people lost their lives . [SEP] Because there was not advanced warning
Marie Curie died of cancer , most likely because of exposure to radiation in her research . [SEP] of cancer
Western Europe is warmer than it should be due to the Gulf Stream . [SEP] due to the Gulf Stream
Earths internal heat does not depend on the Sun for energy . [SEP] for energy
Since tiny photosynthetic organisms , known as phytoplankton , supply nearly all of the energy and nutrients to the rest of the marine food web , most other marine organisms live in or at least visit the photic zone . [SEP] Since tiny photosynthetic organisms , known as phytoplankton , supply nearly all of the energy and nutrients to the rest of the marine food web
The curves are called meanders because they slowly wander over the land . [SEP] because they slowly wander over the land
In addition , Carson applies forces to his scooter to control its speed and direction . [SEP] to control its speed and direction
Standing on two feet allows an organism to see and also to use its hands and arms for hunting . [SEP] for hunting
For fish farmers , keeping costs down may be a problem since coastal land may be expensive and labor costs may be high . [SEP] since coastal land may be expensive and labor costs may be high
For this reason , cleaning polluted groundwater is very costly , takes years , and is sometimes not technically feasible . [SEP] For this reason
Have you ever noticed that you lose your sense of taste when your nose is stuffed up ? That s because your sense of smell greatly affects your ability to taste food . [SEP] because your sense of smell greatly affects your ability to taste food
What evidence is there that Earth is spherical ? What evidence was there before spaceships and satellites ? Try to design an experiment involving a ship and the ocean to show Earth is round . [SEP] to show Earth is round
That s why rubbing your hands together makes them warmer . [SEP] why
How can so many biochemical reactions take place simultaneously in our cells ? A : So many reactions can occur because biochemical reactions are amazingly fast . [SEP] because biochemical reactions are amazingly fast
Drinking sewage - contaminated water causes waterborne diseases , due to pathogens such as protozoa , viruses , or bacteria . [SEP] due to pathogens such as protozoa , viruses , or bacteria
Because atoms are always electrically neutral , for each added proton , one electron is also added . [SEP] Because atoms are always electrically neutral
Do you want to be one of them ? Then adopt a healthy lifestyle now and follow it for life . [SEP] for life
Because energy is the ability to do work , it is expressed in the same unit that is used for work . [SEP] Because energy is the ability to do work
During a rainstorm , clouds develop regions of positive and negative charge due to the movement of air molecules , water drops , and ice particles . [SEP] due to the movement of air molecules , water drops , and ice particles
For more information on wind energy , see http://science . [SEP] For more information on wind energy
Because of their shape , convex mirrors can gather and reflect light from a wide area . [SEP] Because of their shape
Fuel stores energy and can be released to do work . [SEP] to do work
Refining is possible because each hydrocarbon in crude oil boils at a different temperature . [SEP] because each hydrocarbon in crude oil boils at a different temperature
It easily loses its one valence electron to form positive potassium ions ( K+ ) , which are needed by all living cells . [SEP] to form positive potassium ions ( K+ ) , which are needed by all living cells
If you start one piece of wood burning , enough heat is produced by the burning wood to start the rest of the pile burning without any further help from you . [SEP] to start the rest of the pile burning
Cancer cells grow rapidly and take up a lot of glucose for energy . [SEP] for energy
After a certain amount of feces have collected , a sphincter relaxes to let the feces pass out of the body through the anus . [SEP] to let the feces pass out of the body through the anus
For this and other contributions , Lavoisier has been called the father of modern chemistry . [SEP] For this and other contributions
This gas can be captured and burned to produce electricity . [SEP] to produce electricity
C ) In a cyclic molecule , the chain of carbon atoms is joined at the two ends to form a ring . [SEP] to form a ring
Or if their outlets grow because of erosion . [SEP] because of erosion
All chemical reactions , even exothermic reactions , need a certain amount of energy to get started . [SEP] to get started
Astronomers can study light from stars to learn about the universe . [SEP] to learn about the universe
Installing a geothermal system can be very costly , how- ever , because of the need to drill through underground rocks . [SEP] because of the need to drill through underground rocks
Is equation 2 balanced ? Count the oxygen atoms to find out . [SEP] to find out
For example , the skull surrounds the brain to protect it from injury . [SEP] to protect it from injury
You also depend on many muscles to keep you alive . [SEP] to keep you alive
Getting STIs is no big deal , because they can be cured with medicines . [SEP] because they can be cured with medicines
A population of cacti in the Sonoran Desert generally shows even dispersion due to competition for water . [SEP] due to competition for water
For that reason , a metamorphic rock may have a new mineral composition and/or texture . [SEP] For that reason
3 is brown because it eroded soil from a bare , sloping field . [SEP] because it eroded soil from a bare , sloping field
If you ve had dental X rays , you may have noticed that a heavy apron was placed over your body to protect it from stray X rays . [SEP] to protect it from stray X rays
These organisms do not do photosynthesis since there is no light at the vents . [SEP] since there is no light at the vents
Q : Is the chemical equation for the burning of methane balanced ? Count the atoms of each type on both sides of the arrow to find out . [SEP] to find out
SI units are easy to use because they are based on the number 10 . [SEP] because they are based on the number 10
Why do you think children and fetuses are more susceptible ? Because young organisms grow more rapidly , they take in more of the toxic chemicals and are more affected . [SEP] Because young organisms grow more rapidly , they take in more of the toxic chemicals and are more affected
A and C represent objects that have different velocities only because they are moving at different speeds . [SEP] only because they are moving at different speeds
What came before the Big Bang ? There is no way for scientists to know since there is no remaining evidence . [SEP] since there is no remaining evidence
Because weight measures force , the SI unit for weight is the newton ( N ) . [SEP] Because weight measures force
For example , the leaves appear green because they reflect green light and absorb light of other wavelengths . [SEP] because they reflect green light and absorb light of other wavelengths
Since each contour line represents a specific elevation , two different contour are separated by the same difference in elevation ( e. [SEP] Since each contour line represents a specific elevation
Fluids are pumped through a borehole to create fractures in the reservoir rock that contains the natural gas . [SEP] to create fractures in the reservoir rock that contains the natural gas
Since Earths shadow is large , a lunar eclipse lasts for hours . [SEP] Since Earths shadow is large
What are some of the ways you can conserve water in and around your home ? Avoid polluting water so that less is needed . [SEP] so that less is needed
For example , in the air , carbon combines with oxygen to form the gas carbon dioxide . [SEP] to form the gas carbon dioxide
Since greenstones are found today in oceanic trenches , what does the presence of greenstones mean ? These ancient greenstones indicate the presence of subduction zones . [SEP] Since greenstones are found today in oceanic trenches
During photosynthesis , carbon dioxide and water combine with solar energy to create glucose , a carbohydrate ( C6 H12 O6 ) , and oxygen . [SEP] to create glucose , a carbohydrate ( C6 H12 O6 ) , and oxygen
Spacecraft travel great distances to send back information on faraway places . [SEP] to send back information on faraway places
Jogging is hot work because of the heat from the sun and the hard work he puts into his run . [SEP] because of the heat from the sun and the hard work he puts into his run
You wo nt miss it because it no longer has any purpose in the human body . [SEP] because it no longer has any purpose in the human body
The heat of cooking kills any bacteria the foods may contain so they ca nt make you sick . [SEP] so they ca nt make you sick
Warm air rises because it is less dense , and when it does , cool air moves in to take its place . [SEP] because it is less dense
Since glaciers can form only over land , ice ages only occur when landmasses cover the polar regions . [SEP] Since glaciers can form only over land
If a kidney stone blocks a ureter , it must be removed so urine can leave the kidney and be excreted . [SEP] so urine can leave the kidney and be excreted
Eventually , birth rates fell to match death rates ( Stage 4 ) . [SEP] to match death rates ( Stage 4 )
They must determine the concentration of the contaminant to determine how much it is being diluted . [SEP] to determine how much it is being diluted
Watch this video to learn more about them : . [SEP] to learn more about them
Irrigation , the ability to clear large swaths of land for farming efficiently , and the development of farm machines powered by fossil fuels allowed people to grow more food and transport it to where it was needed . [SEP] for farming
RRNA becomes part of the ribosome , which is the site of protein synthesis , and tRNA brings an amino acid to the ribosome so it can be added to a growing chain during protein synthesis . [SEP] so it can be added to a growing chain during protein synthesis
Like other maps , topographic maps have a scale so that you can find the horizontal distance . [SEP] so that you can find the horizontal distance
In a nuclear fusion reaction , the nuclei of two atoms combine to create a new atom . [SEP] to create a new atom
Land heats up and cools off faster than water because it has lower specific heat . [SEP] because it has lower specific heat
9 , the basketball has mechanical energy because it is moving . [SEP] because it is moving
This colorful adobe house in Tucson , Arizona is surrounded by native cactus , which needs little water to thrive . [SEP] to thrive
It is frozen in rock to document the change . [SEP] to document the change
Most people can survive only a few days without consuming water to replace their water losses . [SEP] to replace their water losses
The recycled compost gradually breaks down to form rich humus that can be added to lawns and gardens to improve the soil . [SEP] to form rich humus that can be added to lawns and gardens to improve the soil
Because of its shape , it can gather and reflect light from a wide area . [SEP] Because of its shape
When you drop a paper clip , why does nt it fall toward you instead of toward Earth ? A : Earth is so much more massive than you that its gravitational pull on the paper clip is immensely greater . [SEP] why
He was writing a chemistry textbook and needed a way to organize the elements so it would be easier for students to learn about them . [SEP] so it would be easier for students to learn about them